Commission Regulation (EU) No 982/2012
of 18 October 2012
establishing a prohibition of fishing for mackerel in VIIIc, IX and X; EU waters of CECAF 34.1.1 by vessels flying the flag of Germany
THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION,
Having regard to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union,
Having regard to Council Regulation (EC) No 1224/2009 of 20 November 2009 establishing a Community control system for ensuring compliance with the rules of the common fisheries policy [1], and in particular Article 36(2) thereof,
Whereas:
Council Regulation (EU) No 44/2012 of 17 January 2012 fixing for 2012 the fishing opportunities available in EU waters and, to EU vessels, in certain non- EU waters for certain fish stocks and groups of fish stocks which are subject to international negotiations or agreements [2], lays down quotas for 2012.
According to the information received by the Commission, catches of the stock referred to in the Annex to this Regulation by vessels flying the flag of or registered in the Member State referred to therein have exhausted the quota allocated for 2012.
It is therefore necessary to prohibit fishing activities for that stock,
HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION:
Article 1
Quota exhaustion
The fishing quota allocated to the Member State referred to in the Annex to this Regulation for the stock referred to therein for 2012 shall be deemed to be exhausted from the date set out in that Annex.
Article 2
Prohibitions
Fishing activities for the stock referred to in the Annex to this Regulation by vessels flying the flag of or registered in the Member State referred to therein shall be prohibited from the date set out in that Annex.
In particular it shall be prohibited to retain on board, relocate, tranship or land fish from that stock caught by those vessels after that date.
Article 3
Entry into force
This Regulation shall enter into force on the day following that of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union.
This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States.
Done at Brussels, 18 October 2012.
OJ L 343, 22.12.2009, p. 1.
OJ L 25, 27.1.2012, p. 55.
ANNEX
Member State
Germany
Stock
Species
Mackerel (Scomber scombrus)
Zone
VIIIc, IX and X; EU waters of CECAF 34.1.1
Date
Fishing activities for the stock referred to in the Annex to this Regulation by vessels flying the flag of or registered in the Member State referred to therein shall be prohibited from the date set out in that Annex. In particular it shall be prohibited to retain on board, relocate, tranship or land fish from that stock caught by those vessels after that date.
Commission Regulation (EC) No 1918/2005
of 24 November 2005
fixing the export refunds on white sugar and raw sugar exported in its unaltered state
THE COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES,
Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community,
Having regard to Council Regulation (EC) No 1260/2001 of 19 June 2001 on the common organisation of the markets in the sugar sector [1], and in particular the second subparagraph of Article 27(5) thereof,
Whereas:
Article 27 of Regulation (EC) No 1260/2001 provides that the difference between quotations or prices on the world market for the products listed in Article 1(1)(a) of that Regulation and prices for those products within the Community may be covered by an export refund.
Regulation (EC) No 1260/2001 provides that when refunds on white and raw sugar, undenatured and exported in its unaltered state, are being fixed account must be taken of the situation on the Community and world markets in sugar and in particular of the price and cost factors set out in Article 28 of that Regulation.
The same Article provides that the economic aspect of the proposed exports should also be taken into account.
The refund on raw sugar must be fixed in respect of the standard quality.
The latter is defined in Annex I, point II, to Regulation (EC) No 1260/2001.
Furthermore, this refund should be fixed in accordance with Article 28(4) of that Regulation.
Candy sugar is defined in Commission Regulation (EC) No 2135/95 of 7 September 1995 laying down detailed rules of application for the grant of export refunds in the sugar sector [2].
The refund thus calculated for sugar containing added flavouring or colouring matter must apply to their sucrose content and, accordingly, be fixed per 1 % of the said content.
In special cases, the amount of the refund may be fixed by other legal instruments.
The refund must be fixed every two weeks.
It may be altered in the intervening period.
The first subparagraph of Article 27(5) of Regulation (EC) No 1260/2001 provides that refunds on the products referred to in Article 1 of that Regulation may vary according to destination, where the world market situation or the specific requirements of certain markets make this necessary.
The significant and rapid increase in preferential imports of sugar from the western Balkan countries since the start of 2001 and in exports of sugar to those countries from the Community seems to be highly artificial.
To prevent any abuse through the re-import into the Community of sugar products in receipt of an export refund, no refund should be set for all the countries of the western Balkans for the products covered by this Regulation.
In view of the above and of the present situation on the market in sugar, and in particular of the quotations or prices for sugar within the Community and on the world market, refunds should be set at the appropriate amounts.
The measures provided for in this Regulation are in accordance with the opinion of the Management Committee for Sugar,
HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION:
Article 1
The export refunds on the products listed in Article 1(1)(a) of Regulation (EC) No 1260/2001, undenatured and exported in the natural state, are hereby fixed to the amounts shown in the Annex hereto.
Article 2
This Regulation shall enter into force on 25 November 2005.
This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States.
Done at Brussels, 24 November 2005.
For the Commission
Member of the Commission
OJ L 178, 30.6.2001, p. 1.
Regulation as last amended by Commission Regulation (EC) No 39/2004 (OJ L 6, 10.1.2004, p. 16).
OJ L 214, 8.9.1995, p. 16.
ANNEX
REFUNDS ON WHITE SUGAR AND RAW SUGAR EXPORTED WITHOUT FURTHER PROCESSING APPLICABLE FROM 25 NOVEMBER 2005 [1]NB: The product codes and the ‘A’ series destination codes are set out in Commission Regulation (EEC) No 3846/87 (OJ L 366, 24.12.1987, p. 1).
The numeric destination codes are set out in Commission Regulation (EC) No 2081/2003 (OJ L 313, 28.11.2003, p. 11).
The other destinations are:
all destinations (third countries, other territories, victualling and destinations treated as exports from the Community) with the exception of Albania, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia and Montenegro (including Kosovo, as defined in UN Security Council Resolution 1244 of 10 June 1999), the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, save for sugar incorporated in the products referred to in Article 1(2)(b) of Council Regulation (EC) No 2201/96 (OJ L 297, 21.11.1996, p. 29).
Product code
Destination
Unit of measurement
Amount of refund
EUR/1 % of sucrose × 100 kg product net
EUR/1 % of sucrose × 100 kg of net product
The amounts set out in this Annex are not applicable with effect from 1 February 2005 pusrsuant to Council Decision 2005/45/EC of 22 December 2004 concerning the conclusion and the provisional application of the Agreement between the European Community and the Swiss Confederation amending the Agreement between the European Economic Community and the Swiss Confederation of 22 July 1972 as regards the provisions applicable to processed agricultural products (OJ L 23, 26.1.2005, p. 17).
This amount is applicable to raw sugar with a yield of 92 %.
Where the yield for exported raw sugar differs from 92 %, the refund amount applicable shall be calculated in accordance with Article 28(4) of Regulation (EC) No 1260/2001.
OJ L 178, 30.6.2001, p. 1. Regulation as last amended by Commission Regulation (EC) No 39/2004 (OJ L 6, 10.1.2004, p. 16).
Mariann Fischer Boel
EUR/100 kg
The refund must be fixed every two weeks. It may be altered in the intervening period.
The refund on raw sugar must be fixed in respect of the standard quality. The latter is defined in Annex I, point II, to Regulation (EC) No 1260/2001.
Regulation (EC) No 1260/2001 provides that when refunds on white and raw sugar, undenatured and exported in its unaltered state, are being fixed account must be taken of the situation on the Community and world markets in sugar and in particular of the price and cost factors set out in Article 28 of that Regulation. The same Article provides that the economic aspect of the proposed exports should also be taken into account.
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) No 1327/2011
of 16 December 2011
on the issue of import licences for applications lodged during the first seven days of December 2011 under the tariff quotas opened by Regulation (EC) No 533/2007 for poultrymeat
THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION,
Having regard to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union,
Having regard to Council Regulation (EC) No 1234/2007 of 22 October 2007 establishing a common organisation of agricultural markets and on specific provisions for certain agricultural products (Single CMO Regulation) [1],
Having regard to Commission Regulation (EC) No 1301/2006 of 31 August 2006 laying down common rules for the administration of import tariff quotas for agricultural products managed by a system of import licences [2], and in particular Article 7(2) thereof,
Having regard to Commission Regulation (EC) No 533/2007 of 14 May 2007 opening and providing for the administration of tariff quotas in the poultrymeat sector [3], and in particular Article 5(6) thereof,
Whereas:
Regulation (EC) No 533/2007 opened tariff quotas for imports of poultrymeat products.
The applications for import licences lodged during the first seven days of December 2011 for the subperiod from 1 January to 31 March 2012 relate, for some quotas, to quantities exceeding those available.
The extent to which import licences may be issued should therefore be determined by establishing the allocation coefficient to be applied to the quantities requested,
HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION:
Article 1
The quantities for which import licence applications have been lodged under Regulation (EC) No 533/2007 for the subperiod from 1 January to 31 March 2012 shall be multiplied by the allocation coefficients set out in the Annex to this Regulation.
Article 2
This Regulation shall enter into force on 17 December 2011.
This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States.
Done at Brussels, 16 December 2011.
OJ L 299, 16.11.2007, p. 1.
OJ L 238, 1.9.2006, p. 13.
OJ L 125, 15.5.2007, p. 9.
ANNEX
Group No
Order No
Allocation coefficient for import licence applications lodged for the subperiod from 1.1.2012-31.3.2012
Council Decision
of 27 November 2009
on the European Year of Voluntary Activities Promoting Active Citizenship (2011)
THE COUNCIL OF THE EUROPEAN UNION,
Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community, and in particular Article 308 thereof,
Having regard to the proposal from the Commission,
Having regard to the Opinion of the European Parliament [1],
Whereas:
The Treaty establishes citizenship of the European Union (EU), which complements national citizenship of the respective Member States and is an important element in strengthening and safeguarding the process of European integration.
Encouraging active citizenship is a key element in strengthening cohesion and the development of democracy.
The European Year of Voluntary Activities promoting active citizenship will contribute to showing that volunteering is one of the key dimensions of active citizenship and democracy, putting European values such as solidarity and non-discrimination into action and as such contributing to the harmonious development of European societies.
Voluntary activities constitute a rich learning experience, enable the development of social skills and competences and contribute to solidarity.
Actions carried out by volunteers of all ages are crucial to the development of democracy, one of the founding principles of the EU.
Voluntary activities have the potential to contribute to the well-being of individuals and the harmonious development of European societies.
Having due regard to the particularities of the situation in each Member State and all forms of volunteering, the term ‘voluntary activities’ refers to all types of voluntary activity, whether formal, non-formal or informal which are undertaken of a person’s own free will, choice and motivation, and is without concern for financial gain.
They benefit the individual volunteer, communities and society as a whole.
They are also a vehicle for individuals and associations to address human, social, intergenerational or environmental needs and concerns, and are often carried out in support of a non-profit organisation or community-based initiative.
Voluntary activities do not replace professional, paid employment opportunities but add value to society.
In fast-changing societies there is a need to ensure effective support measures for voluntary activities to allow more people to engage in voluntary activities.
It is therefore important to support peer learning and the exchange and development of good practices at local, regional, national and Community levels.
The 1997 Intergovernmental Conference adopted Declaration 38 on voluntary activities, which was attached to the Final Act of the Treaty of Amsterdam and recognises the important contribution made by voluntary service activities to developing social solidarity.
In its Communication of June 1997 on promoting the role of voluntary organisations and foundations in Europe, the Commission emphasised three aspects of voluntary organisations and foundations: the economic aspect of creating jobs; the social aspect of helping to define social policies and thereby contributing to social progress; and the political aspect, fostering democracy, citizenship and civic participation.
In the Resolutions of the Council and the Representatives of the Governments of the Member States meeting within the Council of 27 June 2002 and of 16 November 2007 and in the Recommendation of 20 November 2008, the Council and the Member States recognised voluntary activities as a key aspect in the field of youth and agreed on common objectives for voluntary activities of young people as well as on the mobility of young people across the EU.
In its Opinion of 13 December 2006‘Voluntary activity: its role in European society and its impact’ [2], the European Economic and Social Committee asked the Commission to announce a Year of Volunteers, and to publish a White Paper on voluntary activity and active citizenship in Europe at the earliest opportunity.
In March 2008, the European Parliament adopted a report on the ‘Role of voluntary activities in contributing to economic and social cohesion’ which encouraged Member States and regional and local authorities to recognise the value of voluntary activities in promoting social and economic cohesion.
In July 2008 the European Parliament adopted a written Declaration calling for a European Year of Volunteering in 2011.
Voluntary activities are targeted by several community programmes and networks that focus, inter alia, on mobility in voluntary activities for people of all ages, such as the Lifelong Learning Programme [3], the programme ‘Europe for Citizens’ [4] and the European Voluntary Service of the Youth in Action Programme [5].
There exists a large variety of voluntary activities throughout Europe which should be preserved and developed further.
The potential of voluntary activities is still not fully realised.
A European Year of Voluntary activities promoting active citizenship will provide the opportunity to demonstrate in a European context that voluntary activities increase civic participation and can help foster a sense of belonging and commitment of citizens to their society at all levels — local, regional, national and European.
The Year of Voluntary activities promoting active citizenship could also contribute to addressing gender inequalities in the voluntary sector, for example regarding the sectors and activities in which men and women participate or concerning representation in voluntary leadership positions.
The year 2011 will be the tenth anniversary of the 2001 International Year of Volunteers of the United Nations.
This Decision establishes a financial envelope, which is to constitute the prime reference for the budgetary authority within the meaning of point 37 of the Interinstitutional Agreement of 17 May 2006 between the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission on budgetary discipline and sound financial management [6].
The objectives of the proposed European Year cannot be fully achieved at Member State level due to the need for transnational exchange of information and the Community-wide dissemination of good practice, and can therefore, by reason of the scale of the proposed action, be better achieved at Community level.
In accordance with the principle of proportionality, as set out in Article 5 of the Treaty, this Decision does not go beyond what is necessary to achieve those objectives,
HAS ADOPTED THIS DECISION:
Article 1
Subject
The year 2011 shall be designated as the European Year of Voluntary activities promoting active citizenship (hereinafter referred to as ‘the European Year’).
Article 2
Objectives
The overall purpose of the European Year shall be to encourage and support — notably through the exchange of experience and good practices — the efforts of the Community, the Member States, local and regional authorities to create the conditions for civil society conducive to volunteering in the European Union (EU) and to increase the visibility of voluntary activities in the EU.
The objectives of the European Year shall be to:
work towards an enabling environment for volunteering in the EU in order to anchor volunteering as part of promoting civic participation and people-to-people activities in an EU context and address existing obstacles to voluntary activities, where appropriate and necessary;
empower organisers of voluntary activities to improve the quality of voluntary activities in order to facilitate voluntary activities and help organisers to implement new types of voluntary activities and to encourage networking, mobility, cooperation and synergies within civil society and between civil society and other sectors in an EU context;
recognise voluntary activities in order to encourage appropriate incentives for individuals, companies and volunteer-development organisations and gain recognition for volunteering at EU level and in the Member States by policymakers, civil society organisations, public institutions, the formal and non-formal education sector and employers for skills and competences developed through volunteering;
raise awareness of the value and importance of volunteering in order to raise general awareness of the importance of volunteering as an expression of civic participation which contributes to issues which are of common concern of all Member States, such as a harmonious societal development and social cohesion.
Article 3
Initiatives involved
The measures to be taken to achieve the objectives set out in Article 2 may include the following initiatives organised at Community, national, regional or local level linked to the objectives of the European Year:
exchange of experience and good practices;
undertaking of studies and research as well as dissemination of their results;
conferences and events to promote debate and raise awareness of the importance and value of voluntary activities stimulating the engagement of citizens and to celebrate the efforts of volunteers and their organisations;
concrete initiatives in the Member States aimed at promoting the objectives of the European Year; at least 25 % of the total budget of the year will be used for this purpose;
information and promotion campaigns to disseminate key messages.
Details of the measures referred to in the first subparagraph are set out in the Annex.
Community funding for projects may be given through existing Community programmes.
Article 4
Cooperation with the Member States
By 28 February 2010 each Member State shall designate a body responsible for organising its participation in the European Year (hereinafter referred to as ‘the national coordinating body’) and shall inform the Commission of that designation.
In carrying out its actions, in particular when drawing up the national programme, the national coordinating body shall closely consult and cooperate with a wide range of relevant stakeholders, including civil society organisations and where appropriate the national agencies or contact points of relevant Community programmes.
The national programme and priorities of the European Year shall be set out in accordance with the objectives listed in Article 2 and the details of measures set out in the Annex.
Article 5
Coordination at Community level and implementation
The Commission shall convene meetings of the national coordinating bodies to coordinate implementation of the European Year and to exchange information on implementation at national level.
The Commission shall also convene meetings of representatives of European organisations or bodies active in the field of volunteering and stakeholders to assist the Commission in implementing the European Year at Community level.
The Commission shall implement the European Year at Community level.
The Member States, the European Parliament, the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions shall be associated in the activities.
Article 6
Financial provisions
Measures which are Community-wide in nature, referred to in Part A of the Annex, shall give rise to a procurement contract or the award of grants financed from the general budget of the European Communities.
Measures which are Community-wide in nature, referred to in Part B of the Annex, may be co-financed from the general budget of the European Communities.
The Commission shall give a grant to each national coordinating body in accordance with the procedure set out in Part C of the Annex.
Article 7
Budget
The financial envelope for the implementation of this Decision for the period from 1 January 2011 to 31 December 2011 shall be EUR 8000000.
Annual appropriations shall be authorised by the budgetary authority within the limits of the financial framework.
Article 8
International cooperation
For the purpose of the European Year, the Commission may cooperate with relevant international organisations, in particular with the United Nations and the Council of Europe, while ensuring the visibility of the EU’s participation.
Article 9
Consistency and complementarity
The Commission together with the Member States shall ensure that the measures provided for in this Decision are consistent with other Community, national and regional schemes and initiatives that help attain the objectives of the European Year.
Article 10
Protection of Community financial interests
The Commission shall ensure that, when actions financed under this Decision are implemented, the financial interests of the Community are protected by the application of preventive measures against fraud, corruption and any other illegal activities, by effective checks and by the recovery of the amounts unduly paid and, if irregularities are detected, by effective, proportional and dissuasive penalties, in accordance with Council Regulation (EC, Euratom) No 2988/95 of 18 December 1995 on the protection of the European Communities financial interests [7], Council Regulation (Euratom, EC) No 2185/96 of 11 November 1996 concerning the on-the-spot checks and inspections carried out by the Commission in order to protect the European Communities' financial interests against fraud and other irregularities [8], and with Regulation (EC) No 1073/1999 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 May 1999 concerning investigations conducted by the European Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF) [9].
With regard to the Community actions financed under this Decision, the notion of irregularity referred to in Article 1(2) of Regulation (EC, Euratom) No 2988/95 shall mean any infringement of a provision of Community law or any infringement of a contractual obligation resulting from an act or omission by an economic operator which has, or would have, the effect of prejudicing the general budget of the Communities, or budgets managed by them, by an unjustified item of expenditure.
The Commission shall reduce, suspend or recover the amount of financial assistance granted for an action if it finds irregularities, particularly non-compliance with the provisions of this Decision or of the individual decision or contract granting the financial support in question, or in the event that, without Commission approval having being sought, the action has undergone significant change that conflicts with its nature or with its implementing conditions.
If the time-limits have not been observed or if only part of the allocated financial assistance is justified by the progress made with implementing an action, the Commission shall request the beneficiary to submit observations within a specified period.
If the beneficiary does not give a satisfactory answer, the Commission may cancel the remaining financial assistance and demand repayment of amounts already paid.
Any amount unduly paid shall be repaid to the Commission.
Interest shall be added to any amount not repaid in due time under the conditions laid down in Council Regulation (EC, Euratom) No 1605/2002 of 25 June 2002 on the Financial Regulation applicable to the general budget of the European Communities [10].
Article 11
Monitoring and evaluation
By 31 December 2012, the Commission shall submit a report to the European Parliament, the Council, the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions on the implementation, results and overall assessment of the initiatives provided for in this Decision.
Article 12
Entry into force
This Decision shall enter into force on the day following its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union.
This Decision is addressed to the Member States.
Done at Brussels, 27 November 2009.
For the Council
The President
Opinion of the European Parliament of 26 November 2009 (not yet published in the Official Journal).
OJ C 325, 30.12.2006, p. 46.
Decision No 1720/2006/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 November 2006 establishing an action programme in the field of lifelong learning (OJ L 327, 24.11.2006, p. 45).
Decision No 1904/2006/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2006 establishing for the period 2007 to 2013 the programme Europe for Citizens to promote active European citizenship (OJ L 378, 27.12.2006, p. 32).
Decision No 1719/2006/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 November 2006 establishing the Youth in Action Programme for the period 2007 to 2013 (OJ L 327, 24.11.2006, p. 30).
OJ C 139, 14.6.2006, p. 1.
OJ L 312, 23.12.1995, p. 1.
OJ L 292, 15.11.1996, p. 2.
OJ L 136, 31.5.1999, p. 1.
OJ L 248, 16.9.2002, p. 1.
ANNEX
Details of the measures referred to in Article 3
As a guiding principle, implementation of the European Year will build on the ownership, large-scale mobilisation and active involvement of civil society and other stakeholders.
In addition, implementation will be carried out through the following measures:
DIRECT COMMUNITY INITIATIVES
Financing will generally take the form of direct purchase of goods and services under existing framework contracts.
It may also take the form of grants.
Information and promotion campaigns including:
high visibility events and forums for exchanging experience and good practices,
contests with or without prizes,
cooperation with the private sector, broadcasters and other media as partners for disseminating information on voluntary activities and the European Year,
the production of material and tools for media available throughout the EU to stimulate public interest,
measures to publicise the results and raise the profile of Community programmes, schemes and initiatives contributing to the objectives of the European Year,
the establishment of an information website on the Europa site, including a portal for promoters of projects on volunteering, to guide them through the various Community programmes and initiatives.
Other initiatives:
surveys and studies at Community level to assess and report on the preparation, effectiveness, impact and long-term monitoring of the European Year.
CO-FINANCING COMMUNITY INITIATIVES
High-visibility events on a European scale that aim to raise awareness of the objectives of the European Year, possibly organised in cooperation with the Presidencies in office during 2011, may receive a Community grant of up to 80 % of the total eligible cost.
CO-FINANCING NATIONAL INITIATIVES
Each national coordinating body shall submit a single application for Community funding.
That grant application shall describe the national coordinating body’s work programme or the action to be funded and promote the European Year.
The grant application shall be accompanied by a detailed budget setting out the total costs of the initiatives/work programme proposed and the amount and sources of co-funding.
The Community grant can cover up to 80 % of the total eligible cost.
The Commission shall determine the indicative amounts available for grants to each national coordinating body and the deadline for submission of the applications.
The criteria should take into account the population, the cost of living and a fixed amount per Member State to guarantee a minimum level of activities.
The final amounts awarded shall be determined on the basis of the individual grant applications submitted by the national coordinating body.
The maximum Community co-financing is set at 80 % of the total eligible cost.
The work programmes/actions may include:
meetings and events connected with the objectives of the European Year, including national events to launch and promote the European Year, create a catalyst effect and provide open space for debate on concrete initiatives,
conferences and seminars at national, regional and local levels allowing for mutual learning and exchange of good practices,
information, research activities and related studies, educational and promotional campaigns at national, regional and local levels, including the organisation of awards and competitions,
cooperation with the media.
INITIATIVES NOT RECEIVING ANY COMMUNITY FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE
The Community will grant non-financial support, including written authorisation to use the logo, once developed, and other materials associated with the European Year, to initiatives carried out by public or private organisations, in so far as they provide assurances to the Commission that the initiatives in question are or will be carried out during 2011 and are likely to make a significant contribution to achieving the objectives of the European Year.
Done at Brussels, 27 November 2009. For the Council
Adelsohn Liljeroth
Guideline of the European Central Bank
of 11 September 2008
on data collection regarding the euro and the operation of the Currency Information System 2
THE GOVERNING COUNCIL OF THE EUROPEAN CENTRAL BANK,
Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community, and in particular Article 106(1) and (2) thereof,
Having regard to the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and of the European Central Bank (hereinafter the ‘ESCB Statute’), and in particular Articles 5 and 16 thereof,
Whereas:
Article 106(1) of the Treaty and Article 16 of the ESCB Statute provide that the European Central Bank (ECB) has the exclusive right to authorise the issue of euro banknotes within the Community.
Article 106(2) of the Treaty provides that Member States may issue coins subject to approval by the ECB of the volume of the issue.
Therefore, the ECB adopts annual decisions approving the volume of coin issuance by the Member States which have adopted the euro (hereinafter the ‘participating Member States’).
Article 5 of the ESCB Statute provides that in order to perform the tasks of the European System of Central Banks (ESCB) the ECB, assisted by the national central banks, should collect the necessary statistical information, which encompasses statistical information in the area of euro banknote and coin issuance.
Also, the ECB needs to collect information for the purpose of Article 237(d) of the Treaty, which entrusts the ECB with the task of monitoring the compliance of the ESCB national central banks with their obligations under the Treaty and the Statute.
These obligations include compliance with the prohibition established by Article 101 of the Treaty and implemented by Council Regulation (EC) No 3603/93 of 13 December 1993 specifying definitions for the application of the prohibitions referred to in Articles 104 and 104b(1) of the Treaty [1].
In particular, Article 6 of Council Regulation (EC) No 3603/93 provides that ‘the holding by the […] national central banks of coins issued by the public sector and credited to the public sector shall not be regarded as a credit facility within the meaning of Article 104 of the Treaty where the amount of these assets remains at less than 10 % of the coins in circulation’.
Without prejudice to the competences of the Member States with regard to the issuance of euro coins, and taking into account the essential role of the national central banks of the participating Member States (hereinafter the ‘NCBs’) in the distribution of euro coins, to perform the tasks described above, the ECB, together with NCBs need to collect data on euro banknotes and coins.
Such data collection should facilitate decision-making in the area of euro banknote and coin issuance, e.g. by providing the ECB, NCBs, the Commission of the European Communities and national coin-issuing authorities with information enabling them to, in accordance with their respective competences: (i) plan the production of euro banknotes and coins; (ii) coordinate the issuance of euro banknotes and coins; and (iii) coordinate transfers of euro banknotes between NCBs, and of euro coins between the participating Member States.
This data collection should also enable the ECB to monitor compliance with its decisions in the areas of euro banknote and coin issuance.
On 16 December 2004, the Governing Council adopted the banknote recycling framework (BRF), Section 2.7 of which provides for credit institutions and other professional cash handlers to fulfil reporting obligations to NCBs.
In the same context, it was also decided that NCBs should implement the BRF by the means available to them, such as legislative instruments and agreements, by the end of 2006, a time limit which was subsequently extended by later Governing Council decisions.
At the latest from the date of implementation of the BRF, however, NCBs should be receiving data reported pursuant to the BRF from credit institutions and other professional cash handlers in their jurisdictions and be in a position to report them to the ECB.
To achieve the abovementioned objectives, the data on euro banknotes and coins should include information on: (i) the issuance of euro banknotes and coins; (ii) the quantity and quality of euro banknotes and coins in circulation; (iii) the stocks of euro banknotes and coins held by the entities involved in their issuance; (iv) operational activities relating to euro banknotes and coins of the entities involved in their issuance, including credit institutions operating a notes-held-to-order scheme on behalf of an NCB and credit institutions operating an extended custodial inventory programme on behalf of the ECB and one or more NCBs; (v) the operational activities relating to banknotes of credit institutions and other professional cash handlers which recycle euro banknotes pursuant to the BRF; and (vi) the cash infrastructure.
To enhance the collection of data and to enable the dissemination of information based on them, on 22 November 2007 the Governing Council agreed to implement the Currency Information System 2 (hereinafter the ‘CIS 2’) replacing the Currency Information System which was established with the introduction of euro banknotes and coins and which has provided both the ECB and NCBs with the relevant currency-related data since 2002, pursuant to a separate ECB legal act on data collection relating to the Currency Information System.
It is necessary for the efficient and smooth operation of the CIS 2 to ensure the regular and timely availability of consistent data.
The reporting obligations of NCBs and the ECB therefore need to be laid down in this Guideline, with provision for a short period of parallel reporting under the existing arrangements and the CIS 2.
Guideline ECB/2006/9 of 14 July 2006 on certain preparations for the euro cash changeover and on frontloading and sub-frontloading of euro banknotes and coins outside the euro area [2] established the legal framework which enables a future Eurosystem NCB to borrow, procure or produce euro banknotes and coins for the purpose of frontloading and sub-frontloading them prior to the cash changeover in its Member State.
Guideline ECB/2006/9 provides for specific reporting obligations to apply to such future Eurosystem NCBs, which need to be specified in greater detail in the context of the CIS 2.
Both the ECB and the NCB users of the CIS 2 should have access to the web-based CIS 2 application and to the reporting module to enable efficient and effective use of CIS 2 data and achieve a high level of transparency.
Eligible third parties should be granted limited access to CIS 2 data to enhance the flow of information between the ECB and the European Commission as well as NCBs and the national coin-issuing authorities.
Given that the CIS 2 is a flexible system for handling new data, it is necessary to establish a simplified procedure to implement technical amendments to the Annexes to this Guideline efficiently.
Furthermore, due to its technical nature, it should be possible to amend the specifications of the CIS 2 transmission mechanism by using the same simplified procedure.
Therefore, the Executive Board should be delegated the powers to make certain amendments to this Guideline and its Annexes and should inform the Governing Council of such amendments.
Following the positive decision taken by the Council of the European Union on the abrogation of the derogation for Slovakia on 8 July 2008, and in accordance with Article 3.5 of the Rules of Procedure of the European Central Bank, the Governor of Národná banka Slovenska has been invited to observe the relevant deliberations of the Governing Council on this Guideline,
HAS ADOPTED THIS GUIDELINE:
Article 1
Definitions
For the purposes of this Guideline:
‘banknote recycling framework’ (BRF) means the framework for banknote recycling laid down in the document entitled ‘Recycling of euro banknotes: framework for the detection of counterfeits and fitness sorting by credit institutions and other professional cash handlers’ adopted by the Governing Council on 16 December 2004 and published on the ECB's website on 6 January 2005, as modified from time to time, as well as the documents relating to the deadlines for its implementation at national level;
‘credit institution’ means a credit institution as defined in Article 4(1)(a) of Directive 2006/48/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2006 relating to the taking up and pursuit of the business of credit institutions [3];
‘CIS 2’ means the system comprising: (i) the central database installed at the ECB to store all the relevant information on euro banknotes, euro coins, cash infrastructure and the BRF collected pursuant to this Guideline; (ii) the web-based online application which allows flexible configuration of the system and provides information on the data delivery and validation status, revisions and various types of reference data and system parameters; (iii) the reporting module for viewing and analysing the collected data; and (iv) the CIS 2 transmission mechanism;
‘frontloading’ means the physical delivery of euro banknotes and coins by a future Eurosystem NCB to eligible counterparties in the territory of a future participating Member State during the frontloading/sub-frontloading period;
‘sub-frontloading’ means the delivery of frontloaded euro banknotes and coins by an eligible counterparty to professional third parties in the territory of a future participating Member State during the frontloading/sub-frontloading period.
Sub-frontloading for the purpose of this Guideline includes the supply of euro coins in starter kits to the general public;
‘future Eurosystem NCB’ means the national central bank of a future participating Member State;
‘eligible third parties’ means the European Commission, the national treasuries, mints and appointed public or private agencies of the national treasuries of the participating Member States;
‘CIS 2 transmission mechanism’ means the ESCB XML Data Integration (EXDI) application.
The EXDI application is used to transmit data messages between NCBs, future Eurosystem NCBs and the ECB in confidence, independently of the technical infrastructure (e.g. computer networks and software applications) supporting it;
‘data message’ means a file containing monthly or semi-annual data of an NCB or future Eurosystem NCB for one reporting period or, in the case of revisions, one or several reporting periods in a data format compatible with the CIS 2 transmission mechanism;
‘future participating Member State’ means a non-participating Member State that has fulfilled the conditions set for the adoption of the euro and in relation to which a decision on the abrogation of the derogation (pursuant to Article 122(2) of the Treaty) has been taken;
‘working day’ means any day on which both the ECB and a reporting NCB are open for business;
‘accounting data’ means the unadjusted value of euro banknotes in circulation corrected by the amount of unremunerated claims vis-à-vis credit institutions operating an extended custodial inventory programme at the close of a reporting period in accordance with Article 10(2)(a) and (b) of Guideline ECB/2006/16 of 10 November 2006 on the legal framework for accounting and financial reporting in the European System of Central Banks [4];
‘data event’ means an event recorded in the CIS 2 which triggers the sending of notification from the CIS 2 to one or more NCBs and the ECB.
A data event occurs: (i) when an NCB has sent a monthly or semi-annual data message to the CIS 2 triggering a feedback message to that NCB and the ECB; (ii) when the data messages of all NCBs have been successfully validated for a new reporting period triggering a status report message from the CIS 2 to NCBs and the ECB; or (iii) when, following the sending of a status report message, a revised data message for an NCB is successfully validated by the CIS 2 triggering a revision notification to NCBs and the ECB.
Technical terms used in the Annexes to this Guideline are defined in the annexed Glossary.
Article 2
Collection of data relating to euro banknotes
NCBs shall report to the ECB the CIS 2 data relating to euro banknotes, i.e. the data items specified in Sections 1 to 4 of the table in Part 1 of Annex I on a monthly basis, while observing the booking rules specified in Part 3 of Annex I.
NCBs shall transmit the data identified as category 1 data and event-driven data in Annex V relating to euro banknotes no later than the sixth working day of the month following the reporting period.
NCBs shall transmit the data identified as category 2 data in Annex V relating to euro banknotes no later than the 10th working day of the month following the reporting period.
The first transmission of data relating to euro banknotes shall take place in October 2008.
NCBs shall use the CIS 2 transmission mechanism to transmit data relating to euro banknotes to the ECB pursuant to this Guideline.
Article 3
Collection of data relating to euro coins
NCBs shall collect CIS 2 data relating to euro coins, i.e. the data items specified in Sections 1 to 5 of the table in Part 1 of Annex II, from the relevant eligible third parties involved in euro coin issuance in their Member States.
NCBs shall report to the ECB the CIS 2 data relating to euro coins, i.e. the data items specified in Sections 1 to 6 of the table in Part 1 of Annex II on a monthly basis, while observing the booking rules specified in Part 3 of Annex II.
The requirements of Article 2(2) to (5) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the transmission of data relating to euro coins referred to in paragraph 1.
Article 4
Collection of data relating to cash infrastructure and the BRF
NCBs shall provide the ECB with the data relating to cash infrastructure, as specified in Annex III, on a semi-annual basis.
For the first time on the dates referred to in paragraph 7 and then on a semi-annual basis, NCBs shall provide the ECB with the data relating to the BRF, as specified in Annex III.
The data provided to the ECB shall be based on data that NCBs have been able to obtain from credit institutions and other professional cash handlers pursuant to Section 2.7 of the BRF and the document entitled ‘Data collection from credit institutions and other professional cash handlers under the framework for banknote recycling’ [5].
NCBs shall use the CIS 2 transmission mechanism to transmit data relating to cash infrastructure and the BRF referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2.
Each year, at the latest by the sixth working day of October, NCBs shall transmit the data referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 in respect of the reporting period from January to June of that year.
Each year, at the latest by the sixth working day of April, the NCBs shall transmit the data referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 in respect of the reporting period from July to December of the previous year.
The first transmission of data relating to cash infrastructure, i.e. the data items specified in Sections 1.1 to 1.4, 2.1 and 2.3 to 2.6 of the table in Annex III, shall take place in October 2008.
The first transmission of data relating to the BRF, i.e. data items specified in Sections 2.2, 2.7 to 2.10 and 3 of the table in Annex III, shall take place as follows:
in October 2008 for the Nationale Bank van België/Banque Nationale de Belgique, the Deutsche Bundesbank, the Banque centrale du Luxembourg, De Nederlandsche Bank, the Oesterreichische Nationalbank and Suomen Pankki;
in October 2009 for Banka Slovenije;
in October 2010 for the Banque de France, the Central Bank of Cyprus and the Central Bank of Malta; and
in October 2011 for the Bank of Greece, the Banco de España, the Banca d'Italia, the Central Bank and Financial Services Authority of Ireland and the Banco de Portugal.
Article 5
Collection of data from future Eurosystem NCBs relating to their euro cash changeover
An NCB shall include in the contractual arrangements which it concludes with a future Eurosystem NCB pursuant to Article 3(3) of Guideline ECB/2006/9, specific provisions entailing that further to the reporting obligations laid down in that Guideline, the future Eurosystem NCB shall report to the ECB on a monthly basis the data items specified in Sections 4 and 5 of the table in Annex I and Sections 4 and 7 of the table in Annex II, while observing mutatis mutandis the booking rules specified in Part 3 of Annex I and Part 3 of Annex II, relating to any euro banknotes and/or coins which it borrows from and has had delivered to it by an NCB.
Where a future Eurosystem NCB has not concluded such contractual arrangements with an NCB, the ECB shall conclude such contractual arrangements with that future Eurosystem NCB, including the reporting obligations referred to in this Article.
The first transmission of data relating to euro banknotes and/or coins as referred to in paragraph 1 shall take place no later than the sixth working day of the month following the month in which the future Eurosystem NCB first receives or produces such euro banknotes or coins.
The requirements of Article 2(2) and (5) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the transmission of data relating to euro banknotes and coins referred to in paragraph 1.
Article 6
Maintenance of reference data and system parameters
The ECB shall enter the reference data and system parameters referred to in Annex IV into the CIS 2 and shall maintain them.
The ECB shall take appropriate measures to ensure that those data and system parameters are complete and correct.
NCBs shall transmit to the ECB in a timely manner the system parameters specified in Sections 2.1 and 2.2 of the table in Annex IV: (i) on the entry into force of this Guideline; and (ii) on any subsequent change to the system parameters.
Article 7
Completeness and correctness of data transmissions
NCBs shall take appropriate measures to ensure the completeness and correctness of data required pursuant to this Guideline before transmitting them to the ECB.
As a minimum, they shall perform the completeness checks set out in Annex V and the correctness checks set out in Annex VI.
Each NCB shall use applicable CIS 2 data to produce national net-issuance figures for euro banknotes.
Each NCB shall then reconcile these figures with its accounting data prior to transmitting the CIS 2 data to the ECB.
The ECB shall ensure that the completeness and correctness checks specified in Annexes V and VI are carried out by the CIS 2 before the data are stored in the central database of the CIS 2.
The ECB shall verify NCBs' reconciliation of the national net-issuance figures for euro banknotes, as referred to in paragraph 2 and reported in the CIS 2, with the respective accounting data, and shall consult with the relevant NCBs in the event of any discrepancies.
If an NCB identifies an inconsistency in its CIS 2 data after such data have been transmitted to the ECB, that NCB shall send the corrected data to the ECB via the CIS 2 transmission mechanism without undue delay.
Article 8
Access to the CIS 2
On receipt of a written request and subject to the conclusion of the separate contractual arrangements described in paragraph 2, the ECB shall grant access to the CIS 2: (i) for up to four individual users for each NCB, each future Eurosystem NCB and for the European Commission in its capacity as eligible third party; and (ii) for one individual user for each other eligible third party.
The access granted to any eligible third party user shall be limited to data relating to euro coins and shall be granted in the first quarter of 2009.
The ECB shall reasonably consider written requests for access to the CIS 2 for additional individual users, subject to availability and capacity.
The responsibility for the technical user management of individual users shall be laid down in separate contractual arrangements: (i) between the ECB and an NCB for its individual users and the individual users of the eligible third parties in the jurisdiction of the NCB's Member State; (ii) between the ECB and a future Eurosystem NCB for the latter's individual users; and (iii) between the ECB and the European Commission for its individual users.
The ECB may also incorporate in these contractual arrangements references to user management arrangements, security standards and licensing conditions applicable to the CIS 2.
Article 9
Automatic notifications of data events
The ECB shall ensure that the CIS 2 sends, via the CIS 2 transmission mechanism, automatic notifications of data events to NCBs which request to be sent such automatic notifications.
Article 10
Transmission of CIS 2 data to NCBs
NCBs that wish to receive and store all NCBs' and future Eurosystem NCBs' CIS 2 data in their local applications outside the CIS 2 shall send the ECB a written request for regular automatic transmissions of such data from the CIS 2.
The ECB shall ensure that the CIS 2 sends the data to NCBs which request the service referred to in paragraph 1 via the CIS 2 transmission mechanism.
Article 11
Role of the Executive Board
The Executive Board shall be responsible for the day-to-day management of the CIS 2.
In accordance with Article 17.3 of the Rules of Procedure of the European Central Bank, the Executive Board shall be delegated the powers to:
make technical amendments to the Annexes to this Guideline and to the specifications of the CIS 2 transmission mechanism, after taking into account the views of the Banknote Committee and the Information Technology Committee; and to
alter the dates for the first transmissions of data pursuant to this Guideline, in the event of a decision of the Governing Council to extend the transitional period applicable to an NCB for implementing the BRF, and after taking into account the views of the Banknote Committee.
The Executive Board shall notify the Governing Council of any amendments made pursuant to paragraph 2 without undue delay and shall abide by any decision adopted by the Governing Council on the matter.
Article 12
Entry into force
This Guideline shall enter into force on 1 October 2008.
Article 13
Addressees
This Guideline applies to all Eurosystem central banks.
Done at Frankfurt am Main, 11 September 2008.
For the Governing Council of the ECB
The President of the ECB
OJ L 332, 31.12.1993, p. 1.
OJ L 207, 28.7.2006, p. 39.
OJ L 177, 30.6.2006, p. 1.
OJ L 348, 11.12.2006, p. 1.
As published on the ECB's website in January 2006.
ANNEX I
Euro banknote data items
PART 1
Reporting scheme on euro banknotes
Data items
Number and name of data item
Total number of banknotes
Series/variant breakdown
Denomination breakdown
ECI bank breakdown [1]
‘From NCB’ breakdown
‘To NCB’ breakdown
‘From stock type’ breakdown [2]
‘To stock type’ breakdown [3]
Quality breakdown [4]
‘Allocated to production year’ breakdown [5]
Planning breakdown [6]
Data source
Cumulative data items
Created banknotes
Banknotes destroyed on-line
Banknotes destroyed off-line
Data items related to banknote stocks
Stocks held by the Eurosystem
Eurosystem Strategic Stock of new banknotes
Eurosystem Strategic Stock of fit banknotes
Logistical stocks of new banknotes held by NCB
Logistical stocks of fit banknotes held by NCB
Stocks of unfit banknotes (to be destroyed) held by NCB
Stocks of unprocessed banknotes held by NCB
Stocks held by NHTO banks
Logistical stocks of new banknotes held by NHTO banks
NHTO banks
Logistical stocks of fit banknotes held by NHTO banks
Stocks of unfit banknotes held by NHTO banks
Stocks of unprocessed banknotes held by NHTO banks
Stocks held by ECI banks
Logistical stocks of new banknotes held by ECI banks
ECI banks
Logistical stocks of fit banknotes held by ECI banks
Stocks of unfit banknotes held by ECI banks
Stocks of unprocessed banknotes held by ECI banks
Logistical stocks of banknotes in transit to or from ECI banks
Cross-check data items
Eurosystem Strategic Stock earmarked for transfer
supplying NCB
Logistical stocks earmarked for transfer
Eurosystem Strategic Stock earmarked to be received
receiving NCB
Logistical stocks earmarked to be received
Data items related to operational activities
Operational activities of NCBs
Banknotes issued by NCB
Banknotes transferred from NCB to NHTO banks
Banknotes transferred from NCB to ECI banks
Banknotes returned to NCB
Banknotes transferred from NHTO banks to NCB
Banknotes transferred from ECI banks to NCB
Banknotes processed by NCB
Banknotes sorted as unfit by NCB
Operational activities of NHTO banks
Banknotes put into circulation by NHTO banks
Banknotes returned to NHTO banks
Banknotes processed by NHTO banks
Banknotes sorted as unfit by NHTO banks
Operational activities of ECI banks
Banknotes put into circulation by ECI banks
Banknotes returned to ECI banks
Banknotes processed by ECI banks
Banknotes sorted as unfit by ECI banks
NCB. ECI banks
Data items related to banknote movements
Printing works' delivery of new production to responsible NCB
responsible NCB
Transfer of banknotes
responsible/supplying NCB
Receipt of banknotes
Data items for future Eurosystem NCBs
Ante legal tender stocks
future Eurosystem NCB
Frontloading
Sub-frontloading
frontloaded eligible counterparties
PART 2
Specification of euro banknote data items
For all data items, NCBs and future Eurosystem NCBs report the figures in terms of pieces as integer figures, irrespective of whether they are positive or negative.
Cumulative data are figures aggregated over all reporting periods starting with the first delivery from a printing works before the introduction of a new series, variant or denomination until the close of the reporting period
Banknotes which have been: (i) produced pursuant to a separate ECB legal act on banknote production; (ii) delivered to the NCB's LS or ESS and held by the NCB; and (iii) registered in the NCB's cash management system [8].
Banknotes transferred to, or held by, NHTO banks and ECI banks, including banknotes destroyed (data items 1.2 and 1.3) remain part of the NCB's created banknotes
Banknotes destroyed online
Created banknotes which have been destroyed on a banknote sorting machine with an integrated shredder after authentication and fitness sorting, either by the NCB or on the NCB's behalf
Banknotes destroyed offline
Created banknotes which have been destroyed after authentication and fitness sorting by means other than a banknote sorting machine with an integrated shredder, either by the NCB or on the NCB's behalf, e.g. mutilated banknotes or banknotes which have been rejected by banknote sorting machines for whatever reason.
These data exclude any banknotes destroyed online (data item 1.2)
These data items, as stock data, refer to the close of the reporting period
New banknotes which form part of the ESS and are held by the NCB on behalf of the ECB
Fit banknotes which form part of the ESS and are held by the NCB on behalf of the ECB
New banknotes belonging to the NCB's LS and held by the NCB (at its head office and/or at branch level).
This figure does not include new banknotes which form part of the ESS
Fit banknotes belonging to the NCB's LS and held by the NCB (at its head office and/or at branch level).
This figure does not include fit banknotes which form part of the ESS
Unfit banknotes which the NCB holds, and which have not yet been destroyed
Banknotes which the NCB holds, and which have not yet been authenticated and fitness sorted by an NCB on banknote sorting machines or manually.
Banknotes which have been authenticated and fitness sorted by NHTO banks, ECI banks or any other credit institutions or professional cash handlers and subsequently returned to the NCB form part of this data item until the NCB has processed such banknotes
These data items refer to an NHTO scheme that an NCB may establish in its jurisdiction.
Data sourced from individual NHTO banks are reported by the NCB aggregated for all NHTO banks.
These stocks do not belong to banknotes in circulation
New banknotes transferred from the NCB which NHTO banks hold
Fit banknotes either transferred from the NCB or returned from circulation and deemed as fit by NHTO banks in accordance with the BRF, which NHTO banks hold
Banknotes deemed as unfit by NHTO banks in accordance with the BRF, which NHTO banks hold
Banknotes which NHTO banks hold, and which have not been authenticated and fitness sorted by NHTO banks
These data items refer to an ECI programme.
New banknotes transferred from the NCB which an ECI bank holds
Fit banknotes either transferred from the NCB or returned from circulation and deemed as fit by an ECI bank in accordance with the BRF, which the ECI bank holds
Banknotes deemed as unfit by an ECI bank in accordance with the BRF and which the ECI bank holds
Banknotes which an ECI bank holds, and which have not been authenticated and fitness sorted by the ECI bank
Banknotes supplied by an NCB to an ECI bank (or to a cash in transit (CIT) company acting on behalf of an ECI bank) which at the close of the reporting period are still in transit to the ECI bank's premises, and any banknotes to be received by an NCB from an ECI bank (or from a CIT company acting on behalf of an ECI bank) which at the close of the reporting period are still in transit, i.e. which have left the ECI bank's premises but have not yet reached the NCB
New and fit banknotes of the ESS held by the NCB which are reserved for transfers pursuant to separate ECB legal acts on banknote production and the management of banknote stocks.
The NCB may transfer the banknotes to the LS or ESS of one or more NCBs, or to its own LS.
Until the banknotes are physically transferred, they form part of the new or fit ESS held by the NCB (either data item 2.1 or 2.2)
New and fit banknotes of the LS of the NCB which are reserved for transfers pursuant to separate ECB legal acts on banknote production and the management of banknote stocks.
The NCB may transfer the banknotes to the LS or ESS of one or more NCBs, or to the ESS held by the NCB.
Until the banknotes are physically transferred, they form part of its new or fit LS (either data item 2.3 or 2.4)
New and fit banknotes which are to be transferred to the ESS held by the NCB (as receiving NCB) by one or more other NCBs, a printing works or from the NCB's own LS pursuant to separate ECB legal acts on banknote production and the management of banknote stocks
New and fit banknotes which are to be transferred to the LS of the NCB (as receiving NCB) by one or more other NCBs, a printing works or from the ESS held by the NCB pursuant to separate ECB legal acts on banknote production and the management of banknote stocks
These data items, as flow data, cover the entire reporting period
New and fit banknotes withdrawn by third parties at NCB counters irrespective of whether the withdrawn banknotes have been debited from a customer's account or not.
This data item excludes transfers to NHTO banks (data item 3.2) and ECI banks (data item 3.3)
New and fit banknotes which the NCB has transferred to NHTO banks
New and fit banknotes which the NCB has transferred to ECI banks
Banknotes returned from circulation to the NCB, irrespective of whether the returned banknotes have been credited to a customer's account or not.
This data item excludes banknotes transferred to the NCB by NHTO banks (data item 3.5), or ECI banks (data item 3.6)
Banknotes which NHTO banks have transferred to the NCB
Banknotes which ECI banks have transferred to the NCB
Banknotes authenticated and fitness sorted by the NCB on banknote sorting machines or manually.
These data represent the stocks of unprocessed banknotes (data item 2.6) of the previous reporting period + banknotes returned from circulation (data item 3.4) + banknotes transferred from NHTO banks to NCB (data item 3.5) + banknotes transferred from ECI banks to NCB (data item 3.6) + unprocessed banknotes received from other NCBs (subset of data item 4.3) — unprocessed banknotes transferred to other NCBs (subset of data item 4.2) — stocks of unprocessed banknotes of the current reporting period (data item 2.6)
Banknotes processed by the NCB and sorted as unfit in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on banknote processing by NCBs
Banknotes put into circulation by NHTO banks, i.e. the total withdrawals at NHTO banks
Banknotes returned from circulation to NHTO banks, i.e. the total deposits at NHTO banks
Banknotes authenticated and fitness sorted by NHTO banks on banknote sorting machines or manually in accordance with the BRF.
These data represent the stocks of unprocessed banknotes (data item 2.10) of the previous reporting period + banknotes returned to NHTO banks (data item 3.10) — unprocessed banknotes transferred from NHTO banks to NCB — stocks of unprocessed banknotes (data item 2.10) of the current reporting period
Banknotes processed by NHTO banks and sorted as unfit in accordance with the BRF
Banknotes put into circulation by an ECI bank, i.e. the total withdrawals at the ECI bank
Banknotes returned from circulation to an ECI bank, i.e. the total deposits at the ECI bank
Banknotes authenticated and fitness sorted by an ECI bank on banknote sorting machines or manually in accordance with the BRF.
These data represent the stocks of unprocessed banknotes (data item 2.14) of the previous reporting period + banknotes returned to the ECI bank (data item 3.14) — stocks of unprocessed banknotes (data item 2.14) of the current reporting period
Banknotes processed by an ECI bank and sorted as unfit in accordance with the BRF
New banknotes which have been produced pursuant to a separate ECB legal act on banknote production and which have been delivered from a printing works to the NCB (as the NCB responsible for production), or via the NCB (as the NCB responsible for production) to another NCB
Banknotes transferred from the NCB to any other NCB or internally from its own LS to the ESS held by the NCB, or vice versa
Banknotes received by the NCB from any other NCB or transferred internally from its own LS to the ESS held by the NCB, or vice versa
These data items refer to the close of the reporting period
Euro banknotes held by the future Eurosystem NCB for the purpose of the cash changeover
Euro banknotes frontloaded by the future Eurosystem NCB to eligible counterparties fulfilling the requirements to receive euro banknotes for the purpose of frontloading in advance of the cash changeover pursuant to Guideline ECB/2006/9
Euro banknotes sub-frontloaded by eligible counterparties to professional third parties pursuant to Guideline ECB/2006/9 and held by those professional third parties at their premises in advance of the cash changeover
PART 3
CIS 2 booking rules for euro banknote movements
Introduction
This part lays down the common booking rules for banknote deliveries from printing works, transfers between NCBs and transfers between different stock types within the same NCB in order to ensure the consistency of data in the CIS 2.
Future Eurosystem NCBs apply these rules mutatis mutandis.
Transaction types
There are four transaction types for banknote movements:
Transaction type 1 (direct delivery): direct delivery of new banknotes from a printing works to the responsible NCB which is at the same time the receiving NCB.
Transaction type 2 (indirect delivery without interim storage): indirect delivery of new banknotes from a printing works via the responsible NCB to another NCB.
The banknotes are delivered to the receiving NCB by the responsible NCB, without interim storage at the responsible NCB.
Transaction type 3 (indirect delivery with interim storage): indirect delivery of new banknotes from a printing works via the responsible NCB to another NCB.
The banknotes are stored for at least one day at the responsible NCB before they are transported by the responsible NCB to the receiving NCB.
Transaction type 4 (transfer): transfer of (new, fit, unprocessed or unfit) stocks of banknotes between (i) two different NCBs (as supplying and receiving NCB), with or without a change of the stock type (LS/ESS); or (ii) different stock types within one NCB.
Reconciliation of data relating to banknote movements
The two NCBs involved in a banknote movement clarify bilaterally the quantities and breakdowns of the data to be reported, if needed.
To synchronise the supplying and receiving NCBs' bookings, each banknote movement is only booked by the supplying and the receiving NCB on completion of the banknote movement, i.e. when the receiving NCB has confirmed receipt of the banknotes and registered them in its local cash management system.
If the banknotes arrive late in the evening on the last working day of the month and cannot be registered in the local cash management system of the receiving NCB on that day, the supplying and the receiving NCBs must agree bilaterally whether to book the banknote movement in the current month or in the following month.
Earmarking of banknotes for banknote movements
For CIS 2 purposes, the time horizon in the context of earmarking is the number of months to be taken into account when determining the banknote stocks which are either earmarked as being reserved for transfer or earmarked for expected receipt.
For expected deliveries from printing works, as stipulated in a separate ECB legal act on banknote production, ‘stocks earmarked to be received’ are booked, even though the banknotes may not yet have been produced and could still be subject to unforeseen events which could delay or otherwise affect delivery.
The length of the time horizon is defined in a separate ECB legal act on the management of banknote stocks.
Booking rules
In the tables below, a ‘+’ indicates that an increase is booked and a ‘–’ indicates that a decrease is booked in the CIS 2.
Booking rules for transaction type 1
Delivery to ESS
Delivery to LS
Pursuant to a separate ECB legal act on banknote production
After delivery from printing works
ESS of new banknotes
LS of new banknotes held by NCB
ESS earmarked to be received
LS earmarked to be received
with ‘to stock type’ = ESS
with ‘to stock type’ = LS
Booking rules for transaction type 2
Responsible NCB
Receiving NCB
After delivery from printing works/responsible NCB to receiving NCB
On receipt from responsible NCB
‘to NCB’ = receiving NCB,
‘from stock type’= production,
‘to stock type’ = ESS,
quality = new,
planning = scheduled
‘to stock type’ = LS,
‘from NCB’ = responsible NCB,
quality = new
For the month during which the delivery from the printing works to the receiving NCB took place, first, the fulfilment of the printing works' delivery obligation towards the responsible NCB is recorded by providing data under data item 4.1 (‘printing works' delivery of new production to the responsible NCB’).
Second, the transfer of the new banknotes by the responsible NCB to the receiving NCB is recorded by providing data under data item 4.2 (‘transfer of banknotes’).
Booking rules for transaction type 3 with target stock type ESS
After delivery from printing works to responsible NCB
After transfer to receiving NCB
ESS earmarked for transfer
‘from stock type’ = production,
The differences between transaction type 3 and transaction type 2 in terms of CIS 2 bookings are: (i) that the banknotes received from the printing works are booked by the responsible NCB as ‘created banknotes’ and added to the ESS or the LS of the responsible NCB for the duration of the interim storage; and (ii) that after delivery from printing works they are earmarked for transfer for the duration of the interim storage and within the time horizon for earmarking.
Booking rules for transaction type 3 with target stock type LS
LS earmarked for transfer
‘from NCB’= responsible NCB,
Booking rules for transaction type 4 (new and fit banknotes)
Supplying NCB
Following decision for transfer
ESS of fit banknotes
LS of fit banknotes held by NCB
with ‘to NCB’ = receiving NCB
with ‘from NCB’ = supplying NCB
Data items 4.2 (‘transfer of banknotes’) and 4.3 (‘receipt of banknotes’) are completed with information on: (i) the target stock type (ESS/LS); (ii) the quality breakdown (new/fit); and (iii) the planning breakdown (scheduled/ad hoc).
Booking rules for transaction type 4 (unprocessed and unfit banknotes)
‘from stock type’ = LS,
planning = ad hoc
‘from NCB’= supplying NCB,
‘to stock type’ = LS
Data items 4.2 (‘transfer of banknotes’) and 4.3 (‘receipt of banknotes’) are completed with information on whether the banknotes transferred were unprocessed or unfit.
No earmarking of unprocessed or unfit banknote stocks is carried out.
The data are broken down by each ECI bank.
Information is provided on the stock type from which the transferred banknotes have been taken at the supplying NCB, i.e. production (delivery from printing works), Eurosystem Strategic Stock (ESS) or logistical stocks (LS).
Information is provided on the stock type to which the banknotes have been transferred at the receiving NCB, i.e. ESS or LS.
Information is provided on whether the transferred banknotes were new, fit, unprocessed or unfit banknotes.
If banknotes with more than one quality type are transferred, while the other breakdowns are identical, a separate movement is reported for each quality type.
Information is provided on the calendar year to which the production has been allocated in a separate ECB legal act on banknote production.
If the banknotes delivered relate to different separate ECB legal acts on banknote production, each of which refers to a different calendar year, while the other breakdowns are identical, separate deliveries are reported.
Information is provided on whether the transfer was scheduled in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on banknote production, or an ad hoc transfer.
The entities indicated as the data source may determine the breakdown by series and variant for mixed bundles or mixed packets containing banknotes of different series and/or variants by statistical methods.
Any banknotes which have been created and subsequently marked as specimen banknotes are deducted from this data item.
Within the defined time horizon for earmarking.
ANNEX II
Euro coin data items
Reporting scheme on euro coins
Total number of coins
Total face value of coins
Series breakdown
Entity breakdown [1]
‘From Member State’ breakdown
‘To Member State’ breakdown
Circulation data items
National net issuance of circulation coins
Coin-issuing entities [2]
National net issuance of collector coins (number)
National net issuance of collector coins (value)
Data items related to coin stocks
Coin stocks
Coins issued to the public
Coins returned from the public
Processed coins
Coins sorted as unfit
Data items related to coin movements
Transfer of circulation coins
receiving Member State
Receipt of circulation coins
supplying Member State
Data items for calculation of national gross issuance
Credited stocks of circulation coins held by coin-issuing entities
Number of credited collector coins held by coin-issuing entities
Value of credited collector coins held by coin-issuing entities
Additional data items
Surplus of coins [3]
Shortage of coins [3]
Value of stocks credited to the legal issuer(s) by NCB
NCB
Data items for future participating Member States
future Eurosystem NCB and coin-issuing third parties [4]
future Eurosystem NCB
Specification of euro coin data items
For data items 1.3, 5.3 and 6.3, the figures are reported in terms of value and with two decimal places, irrespective of whether they are positive or negative.
For the remaining data items, the figures are reported in terms of pieces as integer figures, irrespective of whether they are positive or negative.
Data items related to coins in circulation
NCBs calculate the national net issuance of circulation coins using the following equivalent formulae:
Formula 1 National net issuance = cumulative total coins issued to the public (cumulative data item 3.1) — cumulative total coins returned from the public (cumulative data item 3.2)
Formula 2 National net issuance = created coins — cumulative total deliveries (cumulative data item 4.1) + cumulative total receipts (cumulative data item 4.2) — created stocks — destroyed coins
Total number of collector coins put into circulation, aggregated over all denominations.
NCBs calculate this figure using mutatis mutandisthe same formulae as for data item 1.1, except that cumulative total deliveries and cumulative total receipts do not apply
Total face value of collector coins put into circulation, aggregated over all denominations.
NCBs calculate this figure using mutatis mutandisthe same formulae as for data item 1.1 above, except that cumulative total deliveries and cumulative total receipts do not apply
Circulation coins which are held by the NCB and coin-issuing third parties in so far as they exist in the participating Member State, irrespective of whether the coins are: (i) neither created nor credited to the legal issuer(s); (ii) created but not credited to the legal issuer(s); or (iii) created and credited to the legal issuer(s).
Coin stocks held by mints cover only coins which have passed final quality checks, irrespective of their packaging and delivery status.
Stocks of coins sorted as unfit but not yet destroyed are reported
Circulation coins which have been delivered and debited (sold) by the NCB and coin-issuing third parties to the public
Circulation coins which have been deposited by the public with the NCB and coin-issuing third parties
Circulation coins checked for authenticity and fitness by the NCB and coin-issuing third parties
Circulation coins processed and sorted as unfit by the NCB and coin-issuing third parties
Circulation coins delivered at face value by the NCB and coin-issuing third parties of the (future) participating Member State to coin-issuing entities of other (future) participating Member States
Circulation coins received at face value by the NCB and coin-issuing third parties of the (future) participating Member State from coin-issuing entities of other (future) participating Member States
These data items, as stock data, refer to the close of the reporting period.
In participating Member States where the NCB is the only coin-issuing entity, the sum of the face values of the stocks described in data items 5.1 and 5.3 is identical to the face value reported under data item 6.3
Circulation coins credited to the legal issuer(s) and held by the NCB and coin-issuing third parties
Total number of collector coins credited to the legal issuer(s) and held by the NCB and coin-issuing third parties
Total face value of collector coins credited to the legal issuer(s) and held by the NCB and coin-issuing third parties
Surplus of coins
Circulation coins in excess of a certain maximum level of coin stocks at national level.
These coin stocks are available for delivery to other (future) participating Member States on request.
The NCB, in cooperation with the legal issuer if applicable, determines the maximum level of coin stocks
Shortage of coins
Shortage of circulation coins below a certain minimum level of coin stocks at national level.
The NCB, in cooperation with the legal issuer if applicable, determines the minimum level of coin stocks
The NCB's stocks of circulation and collector coins which are credited to legal issuer(s), irrespective of their legal tender status.
This includes stocks credited to the legal issuer of the Member State of the NCB and stocks which have been received from other participating Member States against face value (the coins received are credited to the legal issuer of the supplying Member State, but become part of the credited stocks of the receiving NCB).
Deliveries and/or receipts at production cost have no impact on this data item
Euro circulation coins held by a future Eurosystem NCB and coin-issuing third parties of the future participating Member State for the purpose of the cash changeover
Euro circulation coins held by eligible counterparties fulfilling the requirements to receive euro circulation coins for the purpose of frontloading in advance of the cash changeover pursuant to Guideline ECB/2006/9
Euro circulation coins sub-frontloaded by eligible counterparties to professional third parties, pursuant to Guideline ECB/2006/9.
For the purpose of CIS 2 reporting this includes euro coins provided in starter kits to the general public
CIS 2 booking rules for euro coin movements between (future) participating Member States
This part lays down the common booking rules for coin movements between the participating Member States, in particular between NCBs, to ensure the consistency of data in the CIS 2 on the national net and gross issuance of coins.
As coin transfers may involve both NCBs/future Eurosystem NCBs and coin-issuing third parties, these are referred to together consistently hereafter under the heading ‘Member States’.
Future participating Member States apply these rules mutatis mutandis.
Coin movements between supplying and receiving Member States
For coin transfers between Member States a distinction is made between transfer at face value and transfer at production cost.
In both cases transfers between the coin-issuing entities of the supplying Member State and receiving Member State do not lead to a change of the national net issuance.
In the following tables of this section a ‘+’ indicates that an increase is booked and a ‘–’ indicates that a decrease is booked in the CIS 2.
Booking rules for transfers of circulation coins at face value
Supplying Member State
Receiving Member State
(see note (c) below)
(see note (d) below)
‘Coins issued to the public’ in the supplying Member State (data item 3.1) and ‘coins returned from the public’ in the receiving Member State (data item 3.2) remain unchanged.
The accounts relating to ‘created’ coins within the cash management systems of the supplying Member State and the receiving Member State remain unchanged (where applicable).
‘Credited stocks of circulation coins held by coin-issuing entities’ (data item 5.1) in the supplying Member State are either decreased if the delivered coins were previously credited to the legal issuer in the supplying Member State, or remain unchanged if the delivered coins were previously created but not credited to the legal issuer.
‘Credited stocks of circulation coins held by coin-issuing entities’ (data item 5.1) in the receiving Member State are increased, because the received coins represent credited coins (i.e. credited to the legal issuer of the supplying Member State).
The above bookings affect the national gross issuance as follows:
Supplying Member State: unchanged if the delivered coins have previously been created and credited to the legal issuer, or increased if the delivered coins have previously been created but not credited to the legal issuer.
Receiving Member State: unchanged.
Booking rules for movements of circulation coins at production cost
No bookings are made under ‘transfer and receipt of circulation coins’.
Movements at production cost have no affect on the national gross issuance in the supplying and the receiving Member State.
Reconciliation of data relating to coin movements
Section 3 of Part 3 of Annex I on the reconciliation of data relating to banknote movements applies mutatis mutandis.
The data are broken down by the relevant coin-issuing entities, i.e. NCB, mint, treasury, appointed public agency and/or appointed private agency.
Coin-issuing entities are the NCB, mints, treasury, appointed public agencies and/or appointed private agencies.
The data are provided on a voluntary basis.
Coin-issuing third parties are mints, treasury, appointed public agencies and appointed private agencies.
ANNEX III
Data on cash infrastructure and the BRF
For all data items the figures are to be reported as positive integer figures.
Data items on NCB related cash infrastructure
Number of NCB branches
All NCB branches providing cash services to credit institutions and other professional customers
Storage capacity
Total secure banknote storage capacity of the NCB, in millions of banknotes and calculated on the basis of the EUR 20 denomination
Sorting capacity
Total banknote sorting capacity (i.e. total maximum theoretical throughput) of the NCB's banknote sorting machines which are in operation, in thousands of banknotes per hour and calculated on the basis of the EUR 20 denomination
Transport capacity
Total transport capacity (i.e. maximum loading capacity) of the NCB's armoured trucks in use, in thousands of banknotes and calculated on the basis of the EUR 20 denomination
Data items on general cash infrastructure and BRF
Number of branches of credit institutions
All credit institution branches established in the participating Member State providing retail or wholesale cash services
Number of remote branches of credit institutions
All credit institution branches which qualify as ‘remote branches’ under the BRF [1]
Number of CIT companies
All cash in transit (CIT) companies established in the participating Member State, which transport cash [2] [3]
Number of cash centres not owned by NCB
All cash centres established in the participating Member State, which are owned by credit institutions, CIT companies and other professional cash handlers [2] [3]
Number of automated teller machines (ATM) run by credit institutions
All ATMs run under the responsibility of credit institutions established in the participating Member State, irrespective of who refills such ATMs
Number of other ATMs
All ATMs run by entities other than credit institutions established in the participating Member State (e.g. ‘retail ATMs’ or ‘convenience ATMs’) [2]
Number of customer-operated cash recycling machines (CRM) run by credit institutions
All customer-operated CRMs in the participating Member State run by credit institutions [1]
Number of customer-operated cash-in machines run by credit institutions
All customer-operated cash-in machines in the participating Member State run by credit institutions [1]
Number of staff-operated banknote handling machines run by credit institutions
All staff-operated banknote handling machines in the participating Member State used for recycling purposes by credit institutions [1]
Number of staff-operated back-office banknote sorting machines run by other professional cash handlers
All staff-operated banknote sorting machines in the participating Member State used for recycling purposes by other professional cash handlers to which the BRF applies, which are established in such Member State
BRF operational data items [4]
These data items, as flow data, cover the entire reporting period and are reported in terms of pieces with denomination breakdown
Number of banknotes recycled to customers by credit institutions
Banknotes which have been received by credit institutions from customers, processed on back-office banknote sorting machines in accordance with the BRF and either dispensed to customers or are still held for the purpose of dispensing them to customers
Number of banknotes recycled to customers by other professional cash handlers
Banknotes which have been received by other professional cash handlers from credit institutions, processed on back-office banknote sorting machines in accordance with the BRF by other professional cash handlers and either supplied to credit institutions or are still held for the purpose of supplying to credit institutions
Number of banknotes processed on back-office banknote sorting machines run by credit institutions
Banknotes authenticated and fitness-checked on staff-operated back-office banknote sorting machines run by credit institutions established in the participating Member State
Number of banknotes processed on back-office banknote sorting machines run by other professional cash handlers
Banknotes authenticated and fitness-checked on staff-operated back-office banknote sorting machines run by other professional cash handlers established in the participating Member State
Number of banknotes sorted as unfit on back-office banknote sorting machines run by credit institutions
Banknotes sorted as unfit on staff-operated back-office banknote sorting machines run by credit institutions established in the participating Member State
Number of banknotes sorted as unfit on back-office banknote sorting machines run by other professional cash handlers
Banknotes sorted as unfit on staff-operated back-office banknote sorting machines run by other professional cash handlers established in the participating Member State
All credit institutions to which the BRF applies, which are established in the participating Member State.
Reporting of data depends on their availability in the participating Member State.
NCBs inform the ECB on the extent of their reporting.
NCBs provide data covering, as a minimum, credit institutions and/or CIT companies to which the BRF applies.
Banknotes recycled at remote bank branches are excluded.
ANNEX IV
CIS 2 reference data and system parameters maintained by the ECB
The ECB enters the reference data and system parameters, together with their validity periods.
This information is visible to all NCB and future Eurosystem NCB users.
Reference data and system parameters relating to euro coins are moreover visible to all eligible third party users.
Reference data
Approved coin issuance
The approved volumes, in terms of value, of euro circulation coins and euro collector coins which a (future) participating Member State is allowed to issue during a specific calendar year pursuant to the applicable coin issuance decision [1]
Benchmarks for logistical stocks of banknotes
Amounts of LS per denomination and NCB, which are used as a reference for annual production planning in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on the management of banknote stocks.
In addition, operating margins relating to these amounts are entered and maintained per denomination and NCB
Capital key shares
The shares of the NCBs in the ECB's capital key calculated on the basis of Decision ECB/2006/21 [2] and expressed as a percentage
System parameters
NCB attributes
Information on: (i) the existence of NHTO schemes in the participating Member States; (ii) the different coin-issuing entities operating in the participating Member States; (iii) the status of NCBs and future Eurosystem NCBs with regard to their scope of reporting of CIS 2 data to the ECB; (iv) whether NCBs receive automatic notifications of data event; and (v) whether NCBs receive regular automatic transmission of all NCBs' and future Eurosystem NCBs' CIS 2 data
ECI bank-NCB relationships
Names of individual ECI banks and an indication of the NCB managing such ECI banks and supplying them with euro banknotes
Series/variant/denomination status
Information on whether individual denominations of banknote and coin series, and banknote variants, have not yet become legal tender (pre-legal tender status), are legal tender or have ceased to be legal tender (post-legal tender status)
Data item attributes
For all data items defined in Annexes I-III, information on: (i) which breakdown levels exist; (ii) whether the data item is a category 1, category 2 or event-driven data item; and (iii) whether data item is reported by an NCB and/or future Eurosystem NCB
Plausibility tolerance levels
Specification of the tolerance levels that are applied for the individual correctness checks defined in Annex VI
Applicable coin issuance decision means the annual ECB decision(s) on the approval of the volume of coin issuance for a specific year, the latest of which is Decision ECB/2007/16 of 23 November 2007 on the approval of the volume of coin issuance in 2008, OJ L 317, 5.12.2007, p. 81.
Decision ECB/2006/21 of 15 December 2006 on the national central banks' percentage shares in the key for subscription to the European Central Bank's capital, OJ L 24, 31.1.2007, p. 1.
ANNEX V
Completeness checks for data sent by NCBs and future Eurosystem NCBs
Data sent by NCBs and future Eurosystem NCBs are checked for completeness in the CIS 2.
Due to the different nature of the data items a distinction is made between, on one hand, category 1 and category 2 data items for which data must be reported for each reporting period and, on the other hand, event-driven data items which only need to be provided if the underlying event occurs during the reporting period.
The CIS 2 checks whether all category 1 and category 2 data items are present in the first data message sent by an NCB for a reporting period, taking into account the system parameters relating to NCB attributes and ECI-NCB relationships described in Section 2 of the table in Annex IV.
If at least one category 1 data item is missing or incomplete, the CIS 2 rejects this first data message, and the NCB has to resend the data message.
If the category 1 data items are complete but at least one category 2 data item is missing or incomplete in an NCB's first data message, the CIS 2 accepts the first data message and stores it in the central database, but a warning is shown in the web-based online application for each affected data item.
This warning is visible to all ECB, NCB and future Eurosystem NCB users, and in case of coins, visible to all eligible third party users.
Warnings are visible until the NCB concerned sends one or more revised data messages which complete the data missing in the first data message.
For event-driven data items the CIS 2 does not run any completeness checks.
Completeness checks for euro banknote data
Number and name of data item(s)
Series/variant breakdown and denomination breakdown
ECI bank breakdown
Data item type
all combinations with legal tender status
category 1
any combinations with pre-legal tender and post-legal tender statuses
event-driven
all ECI banks managed by the NCB
any combinations with post-legal tender status
any combinations with legal tender and pre-legal tender statuses
any combinations with pre-legal tender status
any combinations with legal tender status
category 2
any combinations with legal tender, pre-legal tender and post-legal tender statuses
Completeness checks for euro coin data
Series breakdown and denomination breakdown
Entity breakdown
any combination with post-legal tender status
all coin-issuing third parties from which the NCB collects coin stock data
any combinations with pre-legal tender or post-legal tender statuses
all coin-issuing third parties from which the NCB collects coin flow data
any combinations with legal tender or post-legal tender statuses
Value of stocks credited to the legal issuer(s) by NCB
any combinations with legal tender or pre-legal tender statuses
Completeness checks for cash infrastructure data and BRF data
Data items on NCB-related cash infrastructure
BRF operational data items
all denominations for which there is at least one series/variant/denomination combination with legal tender status for at least one month within the reporting period
ANNEX VI
Correctness checks for data sent by NCBs and future Eurosystem NCBs
Data sent by NCBs and future Eurosystem NCBs to the ECB are checked for correctness in the CIS 2, which distinguishes between two types of checks, ‘must-checks’ and ‘should-checks’.
A ‘must-check’ is a correctness check which must be passed without exceeding the threshold for the tolerance level.
If a ‘must-check’ is failed, the underlying data are treated as incorrect and the CIS 2 rejects the entire data message sent by that NCB.
The threshold is 1 % for correctness checks with an ‘equal to’ operator [1], and zero for the remaining correctness checks.
A ‘should-check’ is a correctness check for which a threshold of 3 % for the tolerance level is applied.
If this threshold is exceeded, this has no impact on the acceptance of the data message in the CIS 2, but a warning is shown in the web-based online application for this correctness check.
This warning is visible to all NCB and future Eurosystem NCB users, and in the case of coins, it is visible to all eligible third party users.
Correctness checks are conducted for banknotes and coins with legal tender status and separately for each combination of series and denomination.
For banknotes they are also conducted for each combination of variant and denomination, if such variants exist.
Correctness checks for data on banknote transfers (checks 5.1 and 5.2) and for data on coin transfers (check 6.6) are also conducted for pre-legal tender and post-legal tender statuses.
Correctness check on the national net issuance of banknotes
If a new series, variant or denomination becomes legal tender, this correctness check is performed from the first reporting period in which the series/variant/denomination is legal tender.
The national net issuance for the previous reporting period (t-1) is zero in this case.
National net issuance of banknotes (should-check)
Operators
Reporting period
Breakdowns and reporting NCB
National net issuance according to the stock method for period t
National net issuance according to the stock method for period (t-1)
Series/variant-i, denomination-j, reporting NCB-k
The national net issuance according to the stock method is calculated as shown in the table below.
National net issuance according to the stock method for period t =
Correctness check on banknote stocks
The correctness checks on banknote stocks are only applied from the second reporting period that an NCB reports CIS 2 data to the ECB.
If a series, variant or denomination becomes legal tender, these correctness checks are only applied from the second reporting period in which this series, variant or denomination is legal tender.
For NCBs which have recently adopted the euro (i.e. former future Eurosystem NCBs) the correctness checks on banknote stocks are applied from the second reporting period after adoption of the euro.
Development of new banknotes in the Eurosystem Strategic Stock (must-check)
where
‘to stock type’ = ESS
quality = new AND ‘to stock type’ = ESS
quality = new AND (‘from stock type’ = ESS OR ‘from stock type’ = production) AND ‘to stock type’ = ESS
Before new ESS banknotes can be issued, they are transferred to the LS of the issuing NCB.
Development of fit banknotes in the Eurosystem Strategic Stock (must-check)
Series/variant-i, denomination-j, reporting NCB-k where quality = fit AND ‘to stock type’ = ESS
Series/variant-i, denomination-j, reporting NCB-k where quality = fit AND ‘from stock type’ = ESS
Before fit ESS banknotes can be issued, they are transferred to the LS of the issuing NCB.
Development of logistical stocks of new and fit banknotes (should-check)
Series/variant-i, denomination-j, reporting NCB-k where ‘to stock type’ = LS
Series/variant-i, denomination-j, reporting NCB-k where quality = new or fit AND ‘to stock type’ = LS
Series/variant-i, denomination-j, reporting NCB-k where (quality = new or fit AND ‘from stock type’ = LS) OR (quality = new AND ‘from stock type’ = production AND ‘to stock type’ = LS)
Development of stocks of unprocessed banknotes (should-check)
Reporting periods
Series/variant-i, denomination-j, reporting NCB-k where quality = unprocessed
All receipts of unprocessed banknotes are booked at the receiving NCB with ‘to stock type’ = LS.
All transfers of unprocessed banknotes are booked at the supplying NCB with ‘from stock type’ = LS and with ‘to stock type’ = LS.
Development of banknote stocks held by NHTO banks (should-check)
For the purpose of this Guideline, all banknotes returned from circulation to NHTO banks are included in data item 2.10 (‘stocks of unprocessed banknotes held by NHTO banks’) until they are processed.
Development of unprocessed banknote stocks held by ECI banks (should-check)
Series/variant-i, denomination-j, reporting NCB-k, ECI bank-m
For the purpose of this Guideline, all banknotes returned from circulation to ECI banks are included in data item 2.14 (‘stocks of unprocessed banknotes held by ECI banks’) until they are processed.
Development of banknote stocks held by future Eurosystem NCBs (must-check)
where ‘from NCB’ ≠ reporting NCB-k
where ‘to NCB’ ≠ reporting NCB-k
Correctness checks on operational banknote activities
Banknotes sorted as unfit by NCBs (must-check)
Series/variant-i, denomination-j, reporting NCB-k
Banknotes sorted as unfit by NHTO banks (must-check)
Banknotes sorted as unfit by ECI bank (must-check)
Series/variant-i, denomination-j, reporting NCB-k, ECI bank-m
Correctness checks on banknote transfers
Transfers between different stock types within an NCB (must-check)
Conditions
Series/variant-i, denomination-j, reporting NCB-k, ‘to NCB’-m, ‘from stock type’-u, ‘to stock type’-v, quality-x, planning-y
where NCB-k = NCB-m
THEN
stock type-u ≠ stock type-v
Reconciliation for individual banknote transfers between (future Eurosystem) NCBs (should-check)
Series/variant-i, denomination-j, reporting NCB-k, ‘to NCB’-m, quality-n, ‘to stock type’-p
Series/variant-i, denomination-j, reporting NCB-m, ‘from NCB’-k, quality-n, ‘to stock type’-p
Banknotes supplied by an NCB or a future Eurosystem NCB should be equal to banknotes received by another NCB or another future Eurosystem NCB.
Correctness checks on coins
Development of national net issuance of coins (should-check)
series-i, denomination-j, reporting NCB-k
This correctness check is applied from the second reporting period that an NCB reports CIS 2 data to the ECB.
If a new series or denomination becomes legal tender, this check is performed from the first reporting period in which this series or denomination is legal tender.
Reconciliation of coin stocks (must-check)
series-i, denomination-j, reporting NCB-k
The CIS 2 collects data on stocks (data item 2.1), regardless of whether they are credited to legal issuer(s) or not.
The total stocks for all coin-issuing entities which physically hold them within a participating Member State must be greater than or equal to the stocks credited to the legal issuer of that Member State or the legal issuers of other participating Member States.
Comparison of overall credited stocks with NCB's credited stocks (must-check)
Other details
reporting NCB-k
As data item 5.1 is reported in terms of numbers, the individual figures are multiplied by the respective face values
Coin processing (must-check)
series-i, denomination-j, reporting NCB-k, entity-m
Check on surpluses and shortages (must-check)
Name of data item
denomination-j, reporting NCB-k
Must be 0 or without entry
Reconciliation for individual coin transfers between (future) participating Member States (should-check)
series-i, denomination-j, reporting NCB-k, ‘to Member State’-m
series-i, denomination-j, reporting NCB-m, ‘from Member State’-k
Coins supplied by a (future) participating Member State should be equal to coins received by another (future) participating Member State.
The allowed maximum difference between the left side and the right side of an equation must not exceed the absolute value of the equation side with the greater absolute value multiplied by the threshold. The correctness check verifies whether: Absolute value (‘left side’ — ‘right side’) is less than or equal to the allowed maximum difference.
Example:‘left side’ = 190; ‘right side’ = 200; threshold = 1 %; allowed maximum difference: 200 × 1 % = 2; The correctness check verifies whether: Absolute value (190 — 200) ≤ 2In this example: Absolute value (190 — 200) = 10.
As a result, the correctness check fails.
GLOSSARY
This Glossary defines technical terms used in the Annexes to this Guideline.
‘Banknote series’
means a number of denominations of euro banknotes defined as a series in Decision ECB/2003/4 of 20 March 2003 on the denominations, specifications, reproduction, exchange and withdrawal of euro banknotes [1] or in a subsequent ECB legal act (i.e. the first series of euro banknotes as launched on 1 January 2002 consists of the denominations EUR 5, EUR 10, EUR 20, EUR 50, EUR 100, EUR 200 and EUR 500), whereby euro banknotes that have revised technical specifications or a revised design (e.g. a different signature for different Presidents of the ECB) only constitute a new banknote series if referred to as such in an amendment to Decision ECB/2003/4 or in another ECB legal act.
‘Banknotes in circulation’
means all euro banknotes issued by the Eurosystem and put into circulation by the NCBs at a certain point in time, which for the purposes of this Guideline also includes the banknotes put into circulation by NHTO banks and ECI banks.
It is equal to the aggregated national net issuance of euro banknotes.
It should be noted that the concept of ‘banknotes in circulation’ is not applied at national level because it cannot be determined whether banknotes put into circulation in one participating Member State are circulating in that Member State or whether they have been returned from circulation to other NCBs, NHTO banks or ECI banks.
‘Banknote variant’
within a banknote series means a sub-series comprising of one or more euro banknote denominations with upgraded security features and/or a revised design.
‘Cash centre’
means a centralised secure facility where euro banknotes and/or euro circulation coins are handled after transportation from different sites.
‘Circulation coins’
means euro coins defined as having legal tender status throughout the euro area in accordance with Council Regulation (EC) No 975/98 of 3 May 1998 on denominations and technical specifications of euro coins intended for circulation [2] (i.e. for the first series of euro coins as launched on 1 January 2002 EUR 0,01, EUR 0,02, EUR 0,05, EUR 0,10, EUR 0,20, EUR 0,50, EUR 1 and EUR 2).
Euro circulation coins include coins with a special finish or quality and/or packaging and commemorative euro circulation coins.
The latter usually commemorate an event or a personality and are issued at face value for a limited period and in limited quantities.
‘Coin-issuing entities’
means any body entrusted by the national legal issuer of euro coins with the task of putting euro coins into circulation, or the legal issuer itself.
Coin-issuing entities can include the NCB, mints, the treasury, appointed public agencies and appointed private agencies.
Those coin-issuing entities with the exception of the NCB are also referred to as ‘coin-issuing third parties’.
‘Coin series’
means a number of denominations of euro coins defined as a series in Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in a subsequent Community legal act (i.e. the first series of euro coins as launched on 1 January 2002 consists of the denominations EUR 0,01, EUR 0,02, EUR 0,05, EUR 0,10, EUR 0,20, EUR 0,50, EUR 1 and EUR 2), whereby euro coins that have revised technical specifications or a revised design (e.g. amendments to the European map on the common side) only constitute a new coin series if referred to as such in an amendment to Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in another Community legal act. ‘Coins in circulation’ means the aggregated national net issuance of euro circulation coins (data item 1.1).
It should be noted that the concept of ‘coins in circulation’ is not applied at national level because it cannot be determined whether coins put into circulation in a participating Member State are circulating there and whether they have been returned from circulation to coin-issuing entities in other participating Member States. Euro collector coins are not included as these coins are only legal tender in the Member State of issuance. ‘Collector coins’ means euro coins that are only legal tender in the participating Member State of issuance and are not intended for circulation. Their face value, images, size and weight are different from those of euro circulation coins so as to be easily distinguished from euro circulation coins. Collector coins also include bullion coins [3]. ‘Created coins’ means euro circulation coins which have been: (i) produced by mints with the respective national side; (ii) delivered to coin-issuing entities in a participating Member State; and (iii) registered in the cash management systems of such coin-issuing entities. This applies mutatis mutandis for euro collector coins. ‘Denomination’
means the face value of a euro banknote or coin, as laid down for banknotes in Decision ECB/2003/4 or in a subsequent ECB legal act, and for coins in Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in a subsequent Community legal act. ‘Eurosystem Strategic Stock’ (ESS)
means the stock of new and fit euro banknotes stored by certain NCBs to cope with a demand for euro banknotes which cannot be met from logistical stocks [4].
‘Extended custodial inventory programme’ or ‘ECI programme’
Banknotes transferred from the NCB to ECI banks form part of the NCB's created banknotes (data item 1.1).
Banknotes held in custody by ECI banks do not form part of the NCB's national net issuance of banknotes.
‘Fit banknotes’
means: (i) euro banknotes which have been returned to NCBs and which are fit for circulation in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on banknote processing by NCBs; or (ii) euro banknotes which have been returned to credit institutions, including NHTO banks and ECI banks, and which are fit for circulation in accordance with the minimum sorting standards laid down in the BRF.
‘Logistical stocks’ (LS)
means all stocks of new and fit euro banknotes, other than the ESS, held by NCBs, and for the purposes of this Guideline by NHTO banks and ECI banks [4] As referred to in a separate ECB legal act on the management of banknote stocks. . ‘National gross issuance’
in relation to euro coins means euro circulation coins or euro collector coins which have been issued by the legal issuer in the participating Member State (i.e. coins, the face value of which has been credited to the legal issuer), irrespective of whether these coins are held by an NCB, a future Eurosystem NCB, a coin-issuing third party or the public. For circulation coins, national gross issuance = national net issuance of circulation coins (data item 1.1) + credited stocks of circulation coins held by coin-issuing entities (data item 5.1) + transfers of circulation coins since their introduction (cumulative data item 4.1) — receipts of circulation coins since their introduction (cumulative data item 4.2).
For collector coins, national gross issuance = national net issuance of collector coins (value) (data item 1.3) + value of credited collector coins held by coin-issuing entities (data item 5.3).
‘National net issuance of banknotes’
means the volume of euro banknotes issued and put into circulation by an individual NCB at a specific point in time (e.g. close of a reporting period), including all euro banknotes put into circulation by all national NHTO banks and all ECI banks managed by that NCB.
Banknote transfers to other NCBs or future Eurosystem NCBs are excluded.
National net issuance of banknotes can be calculated by using either: (i) the stock method, which uses only stock data relating to a specific point in time; or (ii) the flow method, which aggregates flow data from the date of the banknotes' introduction until a specific point in time (i.e. close of the reporting period).
Stock method: national net issuance = created banknotes (data item 1.1) — created banknote stocks (data items 2.1 to 2.15) — created banknotes destroyed (data items 1.2 and 1.3).
Flow method: national net issuance = created banknotes issued by the NCB (including banknotes put into circulation by NHTO banks and ECI banks) since their introduction (cumulative data items 3.1, 3.9 and 3.13) — created banknotes returned to the NCB (including banknotes returned to NHTO banks and ECI banks) since their introduction (cumulative data items 3.4 and 3.10 and 3.14). ‘New banknotes’
means euro banknotes which have not yet been put into circulation by NCBs, NHTO banks or ECI banks, or frontloaded by future Eurosystem NCBs.
‘Notes-held-to-order scheme’ or ‘NHTO scheme’ means a scheme consisting of individual contractual arrangements between an NCB and certain credit institutions (‘NHTO banks’) in the NCB's participating Member State, whereby the NCB: (i) supplies the NHTO banks with euro banknotes which they hold in custody at their premises for the purpose of putting them into circulation; and (ii) credits the NHTO banks for euro banknotes which are deposited by their customers, checked for authenticity and fitness, held in custody and notified to the NCB.
Banknotes transferred from the NCB to NHTO banks form part of the NCB's created banknotes (data item 1.1). Banknotes held in custody by NHTO banks do not form part of the NCB's national net issuance of banknotes.
‘Public’ in relation to euro coin issuance means all entities and members of the general public other than the coin-issuing entities in (future) participating Member States.
‘Starter kit’
means a package containing a number of euro circulation coins of different denominations, as specified by the competent national authorities, for the purpose of sub-frontloading euro circulation coins to the general public in a future participating Member State. ‘Unfit banknotes’
means: (i) euro banknotes which have been returned to NCBs but which are not fit for circulation in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on banknote processing by NCBs; or (ii) euro banknotes which have been returned to credit institutions, including NHTO banks and ECI banks, but which are not fit for circulation in accordance with the minimum sorting standards laid down in the BRF. ‘Unprocessed banknotes’ means: (i) euro banknotes which have been returned to NCBs but which have not been checked for authenticity and fitness in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on banknote processing by NCBs; or (ii) euro banknotes which have been returned to credit institutions, including NHTO banks and ECI banks, but which have not been checked for authenticity and fitness in accordance with the BRF.
OJ L 78, 25.3.2003, p. 16.
OJ L 139, 11.5.1998, p. 6.
Coins sold as an investment in precious metal are called bullion coins or investment coins.
They are usually minted according to the level of demand in the market and are not distinguished by any particular finish or quality.
Such coins are priced according to the current market price for their metal content, plus a small minting margin which covers production costs, promotion costs and a small profit.
As referred to in a separate ECB legal act on the management of banknote stocks.
Jean-Claude Trichet
with:
Information is provided on whether the transferred banknotes were new, fit, unprocessed or unfit banknotes. If banknotes with more than one quality type are transferred, while the other breakdowns are identical, a separate movement is reported for each quality type.
The allowed maximum difference between the left side and the right side of an equation must not exceed the absolute value of the equation side with the greater absolute value multiplied by the threshold.
The correctness check verifies whether: Absolute value (‘left side’ — ‘right side’) is less than or equal to the allowed maximum difference.
Example:‘left side’ = 190; ‘right side’ = 200; threshold = 1 %; allowed maximum difference: 200 × 1 % = 2; The correctness check verifies whether: Absolute value (190 — 200) ≤ 2In this example: Absolute value (190 — 200) = 10. As a result, the correctness check fails.
means a number of denominations of euro banknotes defined as a series in Decision ECB/2003/4 of 20 March 2003 on the denominations, specifications, reproduction, exchange and withdrawal of euro banknotes [1] or in a subsequent ECB legal act (i.e. the first series of euro banknotes as launched on 1 January 2002 consists of the denominations EUR 5, EUR 10, EUR 20, EUR 50, EUR 100, EUR 200 and EUR 500), whereby euro banknotes that have revised technical specifications or a revised design (e.g. a different signature for different Presidents of the ECB) only constitute a new banknote series if referred to as such in an amendment to Decision ECB/2003/4 or in another ECB legal act. ‘Banknotes in circulation’
‘Banknote variant’ within a banknote series means a sub-series comprising of one or more euro banknote denominations with upgraded security features and/or a revised design. ‘Cash centre’
means a centralised secure facility where euro banknotes and/or euro circulation coins are handled after transportation from different sites. ‘Circulation coins’
means a number of denominations of euro coins defined as a series in Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in a subsequent Community legal act (i.e. the first series of euro coins as launched on 1 January 2002 consists of the denominations EUR 0,01, EUR 0,02, EUR 0,05, EUR 0,10, EUR 0,20, EUR 0,50, EUR 1 and EUR 2), whereby euro coins that have revised technical specifications or a revised design (e.g. amendments to the European map on the common side) only constitute a new coin series if referred to as such in an amendment to Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in another Community legal act. ‘Coins in circulation’
means the aggregated national net issuance of euro circulation coins (data item 1.1).
It should be noted that the concept of ‘coins in circulation’ is not applied at national level because it cannot be determined whether coins put into circulation in a participating Member State are circulating there and whether they have been returned from circulation to coin-issuing entities in other participating Member States.
Euro collector coins are not included as these coins are only legal tender in the Member State of issuance.
‘Collector coins’ means euro coins that are only legal tender in the participating Member State of issuance and are not intended for circulation.
Their face value, images, size and weight are different from those of euro circulation coins so as to be easily distinguished from euro circulation coins.
Collector coins also include bullion coins [3]. ‘Created coins’
means euro circulation coins which have been: (i) produced by mints with the respective national side; (ii) delivered to coin-issuing entities in a participating Member State; and (iii) registered in the cash management systems of such coin-issuing entities.
This applies mutatis mutandis for euro collector coins. ‘Denomination’
means a programme consisting of contractual arrangements between the ECB, an NCB and individual credit institutions (‘ECI banks’), whereby the NCB: (i) supplies the ECI banks with euro banknotes, which they hold in custody outside Europe for the purpose of putting them into circulation; and (ii) credits the ECI banks for euro banknotes which are deposited by their customers, checked for authenticity and fitness, held in custody and notified to the NCB.
The banknotes held in custody by the ECI banks, including those in transit between the NCB and the ECI banks, are fully collateralised until they are put into circulation by the ECI banks or returned to the NCB. Banknotes transferred from the NCB to ECI banks form part of the NCB's created banknotes (data item 1.1).
means all stocks of new and fit euro banknotes, other than the ESS, held by NCBs, and for the purposes of this Guideline by NHTO banks and ECI banks [4] As referred to in a separate ECB legal act on the management of banknote stocks. .
‘National gross issuance’ in relation to euro coins means euro circulation coins or euro collector coins which have been issued by the legal issuer in the participating Member State (i.e. coins, the face value of which has been credited to the legal issuer), irrespective of whether these coins are held by an NCB, a future Eurosystem NCB, a coin-issuing third party or the public.
For circulation coins, national gross issuance = national net issuance of circulation coins (data item 1.1) + credited stocks of circulation coins held by coin-issuing entities (data item 5.1) + transfers of circulation coins since their introduction (cumulative data item 4.1) — receipts of circulation coins since their introduction (cumulative data item 4.2).
Flow method: national net issuance = created banknotes issued by the NCB (including banknotes put into circulation by NHTO banks and ECI banks) since their introduction (cumulative data items 3.1, 3.9 and 3.13) — created banknotes returned to the NCB (including banknotes returned to NHTO banks and ECI banks) since their introduction (cumulative data items 3.4 and 3.10 and 3.14).
‘New banknotes’
‘Notes-held-to-order scheme’ or ‘NHTO scheme’
means a scheme consisting of individual contractual arrangements between an NCB and certain credit institutions (‘NHTO banks’) in the NCB's participating Member State, whereby the NCB: (i) supplies the NHTO banks with euro banknotes which they hold in custody at their premises for the purpose of putting them into circulation; and (ii) credits the NHTO banks for euro banknotes which are deposited by their customers, checked for authenticity and fitness, held in custody and notified to the NCB.
Banknotes transferred from the NCB to NHTO banks form part of the NCB's created banknotes (data item 1.1).
Banknotes held in custody by NHTO banks do not form part of the NCB's national net issuance of banknotes.
‘Public’
in relation to euro coin issuance means all entities and members of the general public other than the coin-issuing entities in (future) participating Member States.
means a package containing a number of euro circulation coins of different denominations, as specified by the competent national authorities, for the purpose of sub-frontloading euro circulation coins to the general public in a future participating Member State.
‘Unfit banknotes’
means: (i) euro banknotes which have been returned to NCBs but which are not fit for circulation in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on banknote processing by NCBs; or (ii) euro banknotes which have been returned to credit institutions, including NHTO banks and ECI banks, but which are not fit for circulation in accordance with the minimum sorting standards laid down in the BRF.
‘Unprocessed banknotes’
means: (i) euro banknotes which have been returned to NCBs but which have not been checked for authenticity and fitness in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on banknote processing by NCBs; or (ii) euro banknotes which have been returned to credit institutions, including NHTO banks and ECI banks, but which have not been checked for authenticity and fitness in accordance with the BRF.
(ECB/2008/8)
New and fit banknotes of the ESS held by the NCB which are reserved for transfers pursuant to separate ECB legal acts on banknote production and the management of banknote stocks. The NCB may transfer the banknotes to the LS or ESS of one or more NCBs, or to its own LS.
Amounts of LS per denomination and NCB, which are used as a reference for annual production planning in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on the management of banknote stocks. In addition, operating margins relating to these amounts are entered and maintained per denomination and NCB
It should be noted that the concept of ‘coins in circulation’ is not applied at national level because it cannot be determined whether coins put into circulation in a participating Member State are circulating there and whether they have been returned from circulation to coin-issuing entities in other participating Member States. Euro collector coins are not included as these coins are only legal tender in the Member State of issuance. ‘Collector coins’
means euro coins that are only legal tender in the participating Member State of issuance and are not intended for circulation. Their face value, images, size and weight are different from those of euro circulation coins so as to be easily distinguished from euro circulation coins. Collector coins also include bullion coins [3]. ‘Created coins’
means euro circulation coins which have been: (i) produced by mints with the respective national side; (ii) delivered to coin-issuing entities in a participating Member State; and (iii) registered in the cash management systems of such coin-issuing entities. This applies mutatis mutandis for euro collector coins. ‘Denomination’
means the stock of new and fit euro banknotes stored by certain NCBs to cope with a demand for euro banknotes which cannot be met from logistical stocks [4]. ‘Extended custodial inventory programme’ or ‘ECI programme’
means a programme consisting of contractual arrangements between the ECB, an NCB and individual credit institutions (‘ECI banks’), whereby the NCB: (i) supplies the ECI banks with euro banknotes, which they hold in custody outside Europe for the purpose of putting them into circulation; and (ii) credits the ECI banks for euro banknotes which are deposited by their customers, checked for authenticity and fitness, held in custody and notified to the NCB. The banknotes held in custody by the ECI banks, including those in transit between the NCB and the ECI banks, are fully collateralised until they are put into circulation by the ECI banks or returned to the NCB. Banknotes transferred from the NCB to ECI banks form part of the NCB's created banknotes (data item 1.1). Banknotes held in custody by ECI banks do not form part of the NCB's national net issuance of banknotes. ‘Fit banknotes’ means: (i) euro banknotes which have been returned to NCBs and which are fit for circulation in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on banknote processing by NCBs; or (ii) euro banknotes which have been returned to credit institutions, including NHTO banks and ECI banks, and which are fit for circulation in accordance with the minimum sorting standards laid down in the BRF. ‘Logistical stocks’ (LS) means all stocks of new and fit euro banknotes, other than the ESS, held by NCBs, and for the purposes of this Guideline by NHTO banks and ECI banks [4] As referred to in a separate ECB legal act on the management of banknote stocks. . ‘National gross issuance’ in relation to euro coins means euro circulation coins or euro collector coins which have been issued by the legal issuer in the participating Member State (i.e. coins, the face value of which has been credited to the legal issuer), irrespective of whether these coins are held by an NCB, a future Eurosystem NCB, a coin-issuing third party or the public.
Coins sold as an investment in precious metal are called bullion coins or investment coins. They are usually minted according to the level of demand in the market and are not distinguished by any particular finish or quality. Such coins are priced according to the current market price for their metal content, plus a small minting margin which covers production costs, promotion costs and a small profit.
For the month during which the delivery from the printing works to the receiving NCB took place, first, the fulfilment of the printing works' delivery obligation towards the responsible NCB is recorded by providing data under data item 4.1 (‘printing works' delivery of new production to the responsible NCB’). Second, the transfer of the new banknotes by the responsible NCB to the receiving NCB is recorded by providing data under data item 4.2 (‘transfer of banknotes’).
means a number of denominations of euro banknotes defined as a series in Decision ECB/2003/4 of 20 March 2003 on the denominations, specifications, reproduction, exchange and withdrawal of euro banknotes [1] or in a subsequent ECB legal act (i.e. the first series of euro banknotes as launched on 1 January 2002 consists of the denominations EUR 5, EUR 10, EUR 20, EUR 50, EUR 100, EUR 200 and EUR 500), whereby euro banknotes that have revised technical specifications or a revised design (e.g. a different signature for different Presidents of the ECB) only constitute a new banknote series if referred to as such in an amendment to Decision ECB/2003/4 or in another ECB legal act. ‘Banknotes in circulation’ means all euro banknotes issued by the Eurosystem and put into circulation by the NCBs at a certain point in time, which for the purposes of this Guideline also includes the banknotes put into circulation by NHTO banks and ECI banks. It is equal to the aggregated national net issuance of euro banknotes. It should be noted that the concept of ‘banknotes in circulation’ is not applied at national level because it cannot be determined whether banknotes put into circulation in one participating Member State are circulating in that Member State or whether they have been returned from circulation to other NCBs, NHTO banks or ECI banks. ‘Banknote variant’ within a banknote series means a sub-series comprising of one or more euro banknote denominations with upgraded security features and/or a revised design. ‘Cash centre’ means a centralised secure facility where euro banknotes and/or euro circulation coins are handled after transportation from different sites. ‘Circulation coins’
Euro circulation coins include coins with a special finish or quality and/or packaging and commemorative euro circulation coins. The latter usually commemorate an event or a personality and are issued at face value for a limited period and in limited quantities.
means any body entrusted by the national legal issuer of euro coins with the task of putting euro coins into circulation, or the legal issuer itself. Coin-issuing entities can include the NCB, mints, the treasury, appointed public agencies and appointed private agencies. Those coin-issuing entities with the exception of the NCB are also referred to as ‘coin-issuing third parties’. ‘Coin series’
means a number of denominations of euro coins defined as a series in Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in a subsequent Community legal act (i.e. the first series of euro coins as launched on 1 January 2002 consists of the denominations EUR 0,01, EUR 0,02, EUR 0,05, EUR 0,10, EUR 0,20, EUR 0,50, EUR 1 and EUR 2), whereby euro coins that have revised technical specifications or a revised design (e.g. amendments to the European map on the common side) only constitute a new coin series if referred to as such in an amendment to Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in another Community legal act.
‘Coins in circulation’ means the aggregated national net issuance of euro circulation coins (data item 1.1).
‘Collector coins’
means euro coins that are only legal tender in the participating Member State of issuance and are not intended for circulation. Their face value, images, size and weight are different from those of euro circulation coins so as to be easily distinguished from euro circulation coins.
Collector coins also include bullion coins [3]. ‘Created coins’ means euro circulation coins which have been: (i) produced by mints with the respective national side; (ii) delivered to coin-issuing entities in a participating Member State; and (iii) registered in the cash management systems of such coin-issuing entities. This applies mutatis mutandis for euro collector coins. ‘Denomination’ means the face value of a euro banknote or coin, as laid down for banknotes in Decision ECB/2003/4 or in a subsequent ECB legal act, and for coins in Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in a subsequent Community legal act. ‘Eurosystem Strategic Stock’ (ESS) means the stock of new and fit euro banknotes stored by certain NCBs to cope with a demand for euro banknotes which cannot be met from logistical stocks [4]. ‘Extended custodial inventory programme’ or ‘ECI programme’ means a programme consisting of contractual arrangements between the ECB, an NCB and individual credit institutions (‘ECI banks’), whereby the NCB: (i) supplies the ECI banks with euro banknotes, which they hold in custody outside Europe for the purpose of putting them into circulation; and (ii) credits the ECI banks for euro banknotes which are deposited by their customers, checked for authenticity and fitness, held in custody and notified to the NCB. The banknotes held in custody by the ECI banks, including those in transit between the NCB and the ECI banks, are fully collateralised until they are put into circulation by the ECI banks or returned to the NCB.
Banknotes transferred from the NCB to ECI banks form part of the NCB's created banknotes (data item 1.1). Banknotes held in custody by ECI banks do not form part of the NCB's national net issuance of banknotes.
in relation to euro coin issuance means all entities and members of the general public other than the coin-issuing entities in (future) participating Member States. ‘Starter kit’
Each NCB shall use applicable CIS 2 data to produce national net-issuance figures for euro banknotes. Each NCB shall then reconcile these figures with its accounting data prior to transmitting the CIS 2 data to the ECB.
means all euro banknotes issued by the Eurosystem and put into circulation by the NCBs at a certain point in time, which for the purposes of this Guideline also includes the banknotes put into circulation by NHTO banks and ECI banks. It is equal to the aggregated national net issuance of euro banknotes.
means euro coins defined as having legal tender status throughout the euro area in accordance with Council Regulation (EC) No 975/98 of 3 May 1998 on denominations and technical specifications of euro coins intended for circulation [2] (i.e. for the first series of euro coins as launched on 1 January 2002 EUR 0,01, EUR 0,02, EUR 0,05, EUR 0,10, EUR 0,20, EUR 0,50, EUR 1 and EUR 2). Euro circulation coins include coins with a special finish or quality and/or packaging and commemorative euro circulation coins. The latter usually commemorate an event or a personality and are issued at face value for a limited period and in limited quantities. ‘Coin-issuing entities’
means any body entrusted by the national legal issuer of euro coins with the task of putting euro coins into circulation, or the legal issuer itself. Coin-issuing entities can include the NCB, mints, the treasury, appointed public agencies and appointed private agencies. Those coin-issuing entities with the exception of the NCB are also referred to as ‘coin-issuing third parties’. ‘Coin series’ means a number of denominations of euro coins defined as a series in Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in a subsequent Community legal act (i.e. the first series of euro coins as launched on 1 January 2002 consists of the denominations EUR 0,01, EUR 0,02, EUR 0,05, EUR 0,10, EUR 0,20, EUR 0,50, EUR 1 and EUR 2), whereby euro coins that have revised technical specifications or a revised design (e.g. amendments to the European map on the common side) only constitute a new coin series if referred to as such in an amendment to Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in another Community legal act. ‘Coins in circulation’ means the aggregated national net issuance of euro circulation coins (data item 1.1).
means euro coins that are only legal tender in the participating Member State of issuance and are not intended for circulation. Their face value, images, size and weight are different from those of euro circulation coins so as to be easily distinguished from euro circulation coins. Collector coins also include bullion coins [3]. ‘Created coins’ means euro circulation coins which have been: (i) produced by mints with the respective national side; (ii) delivered to coin-issuing entities in a participating Member State; and (iii) registered in the cash management systems of such coin-issuing entities. This applies mutatis mutandis for euro collector coins. ‘Denomination’
means the face value of a euro banknote or coin, as laid down for banknotes in Decision ECB/2003/4 or in a subsequent ECB legal act, and for coins in Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in a subsequent Community legal act. ‘Eurosystem Strategic Stock’ (ESS) means the stock of new and fit euro banknotes stored by certain NCBs to cope with a demand for euro banknotes which cannot be met from logistical stocks [4]. ‘Extended custodial inventory programme’ or ‘ECI programme’ means a programme consisting of contractual arrangements between the ECB, an NCB and individual credit institutions (‘ECI banks’), whereby the NCB: (i) supplies the ECI banks with euro banknotes, which they hold in custody outside Europe for the purpose of putting them into circulation; and (ii) credits the ECI banks for euro banknotes which are deposited by their customers, checked for authenticity and fitness, held in custody and notified to the NCB.
The banknotes held in custody by the ECI banks, including those in transit between the NCB and the ECI banks, are fully collateralised until they are put into circulation by the ECI banks or returned to the NCB. Banknotes transferred from the NCB to ECI banks form part of the NCB's created banknotes (data item 1.1). Banknotes held in custody by ECI banks do not form part of the NCB's national net issuance of banknotes. ‘Fit banknotes’ means: (i) euro banknotes which have been returned to NCBs and which are fit for circulation in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on banknote processing by NCBs; or (ii) euro banknotes which have been returned to credit institutions, including NHTO banks and ECI banks, and which are fit for circulation in accordance with the minimum sorting standards laid down in the BRF. ‘Logistical stocks’ (LS) means all stocks of new and fit euro banknotes, other than the ESS, held by NCBs, and for the purposes of this Guideline by NHTO banks and ECI banks [4] As referred to in a separate ECB legal act on the management of banknote stocks. . ‘National gross issuance’ in relation to euro coins means euro circulation coins or euro collector coins which have been issued by the legal issuer in the participating Member State (i.e. coins, the face value of which has been credited to the legal issuer), irrespective of whether these coins are held by an NCB, a future Eurosystem NCB, a coin-issuing third party or the public.
For circulation coins, national gross issuance = national net issuance of circulation coins (data item 1.1) + credited stocks of circulation coins held by coin-issuing entities (data item 5.1) + transfers of circulation coins since their introduction (cumulative data item 4.1) — receipts of circulation coins since their introduction (cumulative data item 4.2). For collector coins, national gross issuance = national net issuance of collector coins (value) (data item 1.3) + value of credited collector coins held by coin-issuing entities (data item 5.3). ‘National net issuance of banknotes’
means the volume of euro banknotes issued and put into circulation by an individual NCB at a specific point in time (e.g. close of a reporting period), including all euro banknotes put into circulation by all national NHTO banks and all ECI banks managed by that NCB. Banknote transfers to other NCBs or future Eurosystem NCBs are excluded. National net issuance of banknotes can be calculated by using either: (i) the stock method, which uses only stock data relating to a specific point in time; or (ii) the flow method, which aggregates flow data from the date of the banknotes' introduction until a specific point in time (i.e. close of the reporting period).
NCBs provide data covering, as a minimum, credit institutions and/or CIT companies to which the BRF applies. NCBs inform the ECB on the extent of their reporting.
It is equal to the aggregated national net issuance of euro banknotes. It should be noted that the concept of ‘banknotes in circulation’ is not applied at national level because it cannot be determined whether banknotes put into circulation in one participating Member State are circulating in that Member State or whether they have been returned from circulation to other NCBs, NHTO banks or ECI banks.
It should be noted that the concept of ‘coins in circulation’ is not applied at national level because it cannot be determined whether coins put into circulation in a participating Member State are circulating there and whether they have been returned from circulation to coin-issuing entities in other participating Member States. Euro collector coins are not included as these coins are only legal tender in the Member State of issuance.
Their face value, images, size and weight are different from those of euro circulation coins so as to be easily distinguished from euro circulation coins. Collector coins also include bullion coins [3]. ‘Created coins’
means the face value of a euro banknote or coin, as laid down for banknotes in Decision ECB/2003/4 or in a subsequent ECB legal act, and for coins in Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in a subsequent Community legal act. ‘Eurosystem Strategic Stock’ (ESS) means the stock of new and fit euro banknotes stored by certain NCBs to cope with a demand for euro banknotes which cannot be met from logistical stocks [4]. ‘Extended custodial inventory programme’ or ‘ECI programme’
means a programme consisting of contractual arrangements between the ECB, an NCB and individual credit institutions (‘ECI banks’), whereby the NCB: (i) supplies the ECI banks with euro banknotes, which they hold in custody outside Europe for the purpose of putting them into circulation; and (ii) credits the ECI banks for euro banknotes which are deposited by their customers, checked for authenticity and fitness, held in custody and notified to the NCB. The banknotes held in custody by the ECI banks, including those in transit between the NCB and the ECI banks, are fully collateralised until they are put into circulation by the ECI banks or returned to the NCB.
Banknotes held in custody by ECI banks do not form part of the NCB's national net issuance of banknotes. ‘Fit banknotes’ means: (i) euro banknotes which have been returned to NCBs and which are fit for circulation in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on banknote processing by NCBs; or (ii) euro banknotes which have been returned to credit institutions, including NHTO banks and ECI banks, and which are fit for circulation in accordance with the minimum sorting standards laid down in the BRF.
‘Logistical stocks’ (LS) means all stocks of new and fit euro banknotes, other than the ESS, held by NCBs, and for the purposes of this Guideline by NHTO banks and ECI banks [4] As referred to in a separate ECB legal act on the management of banknote stocks. . ‘National gross issuance’ in relation to euro coins means euro circulation coins or euro collector coins which have been issued by the legal issuer in the participating Member State (i.e. coins, the face value of which has been credited to the legal issuer), irrespective of whether these coins are held by an NCB, a future Eurosystem NCB, a coin-issuing third party or the public.
Delivery to ESS Delivery to LS
Euro circulation coins include coins with a special finish or quality and/or packaging and commemorative euro circulation coins. The latter usually commemorate an event or a personality and are issued at face value for a limited period and in limited quantities. ‘Coin-issuing entities’
means any body entrusted by the national legal issuer of euro coins with the task of putting euro coins into circulation, or the legal issuer itself. Coin-issuing entities can include the NCB, mints, the treasury, appointed public agencies and appointed private agencies.
‘Coins in circulation’
means the aggregated national net issuance of euro circulation coins (data item 1.1). It should be noted that the concept of ‘coins in circulation’ is not applied at national level because it cannot be determined whether coins put into circulation in a participating Member State are circulating there and whether they have been returned from circulation to coin-issuing entities in other participating Member States. Euro collector coins are not included as these coins are only legal tender in the Member State of issuance. ‘Collector coins’
means a programme consisting of contractual arrangements between the ECB, an NCB and individual credit institutions (‘ECI banks’), whereby the NCB: (i) supplies the ECI banks with euro banknotes, which they hold in custody outside Europe for the purpose of putting them into circulation; and (ii) credits the ECI banks for euro banknotes which are deposited by their customers, checked for authenticity and fitness, held in custody and notified to the NCB. The banknotes held in custody by the ECI banks, including those in transit between the NCB and the ECI banks, are fully collateralised until they are put into circulation by the ECI banks or returned to the NCB. Banknotes transferred from the NCB to ECI banks form part of the NCB's created banknotes (data item 1.1). Banknotes held in custody by ECI banks do not form part of the NCB's national net issuance of banknotes. ‘Fit banknotes’
means: (i) euro banknotes which have been returned to NCBs and which are fit for circulation in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on banknote processing by NCBs; or (ii) euro banknotes which have been returned to credit institutions, including NHTO banks and ECI banks, and which are fit for circulation in accordance with the minimum sorting standards laid down in the BRF. ‘Logistical stocks’ (LS) means all stocks of new and fit euro banknotes, other than the ESS, held by NCBs, and for the purposes of this Guideline by NHTO banks and ECI banks [4] As referred to in a separate ECB legal act on the management of banknote stocks. . ‘National gross issuance’
in relation to euro coins means euro circulation coins or euro collector coins which have been issued by the legal issuer in the participating Member State (i.e. coins, the face value of which has been credited to the legal issuer), irrespective of whether these coins are held by an NCB, a future Eurosystem NCB, a coin-issuing third party or the public.
means the volume of euro banknotes issued and put into circulation by an individual NCB at a specific point in time (e.g. close of a reporting period), including all euro banknotes put into circulation by all national NHTO banks and all ECI banks managed by that NCB. Banknote transfers to other NCBs or future Eurosystem NCBs are excluded.
means a package containing a number of euro circulation coins of different denominations, as specified by the competent national authorities, for the purpose of sub-frontloading euro circulation coins to the general public in a future participating Member State. ‘Unfit banknotes’ means: (i) euro banknotes which have been returned to NCBs but which are not fit for circulation in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on banknote processing by NCBs; or (ii) euro banknotes which have been returned to credit institutions, including NHTO banks and ECI banks, but which are not fit for circulation in accordance with the minimum sorting standards laid down in the BRF.
‘Unprocessed banknotes’ means: (i) euro banknotes which have been returned to NCBs but which have not been checked for authenticity and fitness in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on banknote processing by NCBs; or (ii) euro banknotes which have been returned to credit institutions, including NHTO banks and ECI banks, but which have not been checked for authenticity and fitness in accordance with the BRF.
‘to stock type’ = LS, quality = new,
‘Banknotes in circulation’ means all euro banknotes issued by the Eurosystem and put into circulation by the NCBs at a certain point in time, which for the purposes of this Guideline also includes the banknotes put into circulation by NHTO banks and ECI banks.
within a banknote series means a sub-series comprising of one or more euro banknote denominations with upgraded security features and/or a revised design. ‘Cash centre’
The latter usually commemorate an event or a personality and are issued at face value for a limited period and in limited quantities. ‘Coin-issuing entities’
means the aggregated national net issuance of euro circulation coins (data item 1.1). It should be noted that the concept of ‘coins in circulation’ is not applied at national level because it cannot be determined whether coins put into circulation in a participating Member State are circulating there and whether they have been returned from circulation to coin-issuing entities in other participating Member States.
Euro collector coins are not included as these coins are only legal tender in the Member State of issuance. ‘Collector coins’
means euro coins that are only legal tender in the participating Member State of issuance and are not intended for circulation.
Collector coins also include bullion coins [3].
‘Created coins’
This applies mutatis mutandis for euro collector coins.
‘Denomination’
The banknotes held in custody by the ECI banks, including those in transit between the NCB and the ECI banks, are fully collateralised until they are put into circulation by the ECI banks or returned to the NCB.
‘Logistical stocks’ (LS) means all stocks of new and fit euro banknotes, other than the ESS, held by NCBs, and for the purposes of this Guideline by NHTO banks and ECI banks [4] As referred to in a separate ECB legal act on the management of banknote stocks. .
‘National gross issuance’
‘sub-frontloading’ means the delivery of frontloaded euro banknotes and coins by an eligible counterparty to professional third parties in the territory of a future participating Member State during the frontloading/sub-frontloading period. Sub-frontloading for the purpose of this Guideline includes the supply of euro coins in starter kits to the general public;
Collection of data from future Eurosystem NCBs relating to their euro cash changeover 1. An NCB shall include in the contractual arrangements which it concludes with a future Eurosystem NCB pursuant to Article 3(3) of Guideline ECB/2006/9, specific provisions entailing that further to the reporting obligations laid down in that Guideline, the future Eurosystem NCB shall report to the ECB on a monthly basis the data items specified in Sections 4 and 5 of the table in Annex I and Sections 4 and 7 of the table in Annex II, while observing mutatis mutandis the booking rules specified in Part 3 of Annex I and Part 3 of Annex II, relating to any euro banknotes and/or coins which it borrows from and has had delivered to it by an NCB. Where a future Eurosystem NCB has not concluded such contractual arrangements with an NCB, the ECB shall conclude such contractual arrangements with that future Eurosystem NCB, including the reporting obligations referred to in this Article.
Transaction type 1 (direct delivery): direct delivery of new banknotes from a printing works to the responsible NCB which is at the same time the receiving NCB. Transaction type 2 (indirect delivery without interim storage): indirect delivery of new banknotes from a printing works via the responsible NCB to another NCB. The banknotes are delivered to the receiving NCB by the responsible NCB, without interim storage at the responsible NCB. Transaction type 3 (indirect delivery with interim storage): indirect delivery of new banknotes from a printing works via the responsible NCB to another NCB. The banknotes are stored for at least one day at the responsible NCB before they are transported by the responsible NCB to the receiving NCB. Transaction type 4 (transfer): transfer of (new, fit, unprocessed or unfit) stocks of banknotes between (i) two different NCBs (as supplying and receiving NCB), with or without a change of the stock type (LS/ESS); or (ii) different stock types within one NCB.
Transfer of banknotes +
‘to NCB’ = receiving NCB, ‘from stock type’= production,
planning = scheduled +
Receipt of banknotes +
quality = new +
quality = new, planning = scheduled
with: ‘from NCB’= supplying NCB,
National net issuance of collector coins (number) Total number of collector coins put into circulation, aggregated over all denominations.
National net issuance of collector coins (value) Total face value of collector coins put into circulation, aggregated over all denominations.
Coin stocks Circulation coins which are held by the NCB and coin-issuing third parties in so far as they exist in the participating Member State, irrespective of whether the coins are: (i) neither created nor credited to the legal issuer(s); (ii) created but not credited to the legal issuer(s); or (iii) created and credited to the legal issuer(s).
Coin stocks held by mints cover only coins which have passed final quality checks, irrespective of their packaging and delivery status. Stocks of coins sorted as unfit but not yet destroyed are reported
means all euro banknotes issued by the Eurosystem and put into circulation by the NCBs at a certain point in time, which for the purposes of this Guideline also includes the banknotes put into circulation by NHTO banks and ECI banks. It is equal to the aggregated national net issuance of euro banknotes. It should be noted that the concept of ‘banknotes in circulation’ is not applied at national level because it cannot be determined whether banknotes put into circulation in one participating Member State are circulating in that Member State or whether they have been returned from circulation to other NCBs, NHTO banks or ECI banks.
means euro circulation coins which have been: (i) produced by mints with the respective national side; (ii) delivered to coin-issuing entities in a participating Member State; and (iii) registered in the cash management systems of such coin-issuing entities. This applies mutatis mutandis for euro collector coins.
means all stocks of new and fit euro banknotes, other than the ESS, held by NCBs, and for the purposes of this Guideline by NHTO banks and ECI banks [4] As referred to in a separate ECB legal act on the management of banknote stocks.
For collector coins, national gross issuance = national net issuance of collector coins (value) (data item 1.3) + value of credited collector coins held by coin-issuing entities (data item 5.3). ‘National net issuance of banknotes’ means the volume of euro banknotes issued and put into circulation by an individual NCB at a specific point in time (e.g. close of a reporting period), including all euro banknotes put into circulation by all national NHTO banks and all ECI banks managed by that NCB. Banknote transfers to other NCBs or future Eurosystem NCBs are excluded. National net issuance of banknotes can be calculated by using either: (i) the stock method, which uses only stock data relating to a specific point in time; or (ii) the flow method, which aggregates flow data from the date of the banknotes' introduction until a specific point in time (i.e. close of the reporting period).
Flow method: national net issuance = created banknotes issued by the NCB (including banknotes put into circulation by NHTO banks and ECI banks) since their introduction (cumulative data items 3.1, 3.9 and 3.13) — created banknotes returned to the NCB (including banknotes returned to NHTO banks and ECI banks) since their introduction (cumulative data items 3.4 and 3.10 and 3.14). ‘New banknotes’ means euro banknotes which have not yet been put into circulation by NCBs, NHTO banks or ECI banks, or frontloaded by future Eurosystem NCBs. ‘Notes-held-to-order scheme’ or ‘NHTO scheme’ means a scheme consisting of individual contractual arrangements between an NCB and certain credit institutions (‘NHTO banks’) in the NCB's participating Member State, whereby the NCB: (i) supplies the NHTO banks with euro banknotes which they hold in custody at their premises for the purpose of putting them into circulation; and (ii) credits the NHTO banks for euro banknotes which are deposited by their customers, checked for authenticity and fitness, held in custody and notified to the NCB.
Banknotes transferred from the NCB to NHTO banks form part of the NCB's created banknotes (data item 1.1). Banknotes held in custody by NHTO banks do not form part of the NCB's national net issuance of banknotes. ‘Public’
means a package containing a number of euro circulation coins of different denominations, as specified by the competent national authorities, for the purpose of sub-frontloading euro circulation coins to the general public in a future participating Member State. ‘Unfit banknotes’ means: (i) euro banknotes which have been returned to NCBs but which are not fit for circulation in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on banknote processing by NCBs; or (ii) euro banknotes which have been returned to credit institutions, including NHTO banks and ECI banks, but which are not fit for circulation in accordance with the minimum sorting standards laid down in the BRF. ‘Unprocessed banknotes’ means: (i) euro banknotes which have been returned to NCBs but which have not been checked for authenticity and fitness in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on banknote processing by NCBs; or (ii) euro banknotes which have been returned to credit institutions, including NHTO banks and ECI banks, but which have not been checked for authenticity and fitness in accordance with the BRF.
‘From Member State’ breakdown ‘To Member State’ breakdown Data source 1.
Coins returned from the public 3.3
Value of credited collector coins held by coin-issuing entities 6. Additional data items
Surplus of coins [3] Coin-issuing entities [2] 6.2 Shortage of coins [3] 6.3 Value of stocks credited to the legal issuer(s) by NCB NCB 7. Data items for future participating Member States 7.1
Ante legal tender stocks future Eurosystem NCB and coin-issuing third parties [4] 7.2 Frontloading future Eurosystem NCB 7.3 Sub-frontloading frontloaded eligible counterparties PART 2 Specification of euro coin data items
National net issuance of circulation coins NCBs calculate the national net issuance of circulation coins using the following equivalent formulae:
Formula 2 National net issuance = created coins — cumulative total deliveries (cumulative data item 4.1) + cumulative total receipts (cumulative data item 4.2) — created stocks — destroyed coins 1.2 National net issuance of collector coins (number) Total number of collector coins put into circulation, aggregated over all denominations.
National net issuance of collector coins (value) Total face value of collector coins put into circulation, aggregated over all denominations. NCBs calculate this figure using mutatis mutandisthe same formulae as for data item 1.1 above, except that cumulative total deliveries and cumulative total receipts do not apply
Benchmarks for logistical stocks of banknotes Amounts of LS per denomination and NCB, which are used as a reference for annual production planning in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on the management of banknote stocks. In addition, operating margins relating to these amounts are entered and maintained per denomination and NCB 1.3 Capital key shares
For event-driven data items the CIS 2 does not run any completeness checks. 2. Completeness checks for euro banknote data Number and name of data item(s) Series/variant breakdown and denomination breakdown ECI bank breakdown Data item type 1.1 — 1.3
all combinations with legal tender status —
category 1 any combinations with pre-legal tender and post-legal tender statuses
Stocks held by NHTO banks all combinations with legal tender status
Stocks held by ECI banks all combinations with legal tender status
any combinations with legal tender and pre-legal tender statuses —
category 1 any combinations with pre-legal tender status
Banknotes transferred from NCB to ECI banks any combinations with legal tender status all ECI banks managed by the NCB event-driven 3.4
Banknotes returned to NCB all combinations with legal tender status
category 1 any combinations with pre-legal tender and post-legal tender statuses event-driven 3.6
Banknotes transferred from ECI banks to NCB any combinations with legal tender status
any combinations with post-legal tender status event-driven 3.7
Banknotes processed by NCB all combinations with legal tender status
Banknotes sorted as unfit by NCB all combinations with legal tender status —
Banknotes put into circulation by NHTO banks all combinations with legal tender status —
Banknotes returned to NHTO banks all combinations with legal tender status —
any combinations with post-legal tender status event-driven 3.11
Banknotes processed by NHTO banks all combinations with legal tender status
Completeness checks for euro coin data Number and name of data item(s)
Entity breakdown Data item type 1.1
any combination with post-legal tender status event-driven
National net issuance of collector coins (number) — —
National net issuance of collector coins (value) — —
Coin stocks all combinations with legal tender status
all combinations with legal tender status all coin-issuing third parties from which the NCB collects coin flow data category 1
any combinations with post-legal tender status event-driven 3.3 Processed coins
all combinations with legal tender status all coin-issuing third parties from which the NCB collects coin flow data category 2 3.4 Coins sorted as unfit all combinations with legal tender status all coin-issuing third parties from which the NCB collects coin flow data category 2
Transfer of circulation coins any combinations with legal tender or post-legal tender statuses — event-driven
any combinations with legal tender or post-legal tender statuses — event-driven
category 2 any combinations with pre-legal tender or post-legal tender statuses —
Number of credited collector coins held by coin-issuing entities — — category 2
Value of credited collector coins held by coin-issuing entities — —
any combinations with legal tender status — event-driven
Transport capacity —
Number of banknotes recycled to customers by credit institutions all denominations for which there is at least one series/variant/denomination combination with legal tender status for at least one month within the reporting period
all denominations for which there is at least one series/variant/denomination combination with legal tender status for at least one month within the reporting period event-driven -------------------------------------------------- ANNEX VI
‘Circulation coins’ means euro coins defined as having legal tender status throughout the euro area in accordance with Council Regulation (EC) No 975/98 of 3 May 1998 on denominations and technical specifications of euro coins intended for circulation [2] (i.e. for the first series of euro coins as launched on 1 January 2002 EUR 0,01, EUR 0,02, EUR 0,05, EUR 0,10, EUR 0,20, EUR 0,50, EUR 1 and EUR 2).
Coin-issuing entities can include the NCB, mints, the treasury, appointed public agencies and appointed private agencies. Those coin-issuing entities with the exception of the NCB are also referred to as ‘coin-issuing third parties’.
‘Denomination’ means the face value of a euro banknote or coin, as laid down for banknotes in Decision ECB/2003/4 or in a subsequent ECB legal act, and for coins in Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in a subsequent Community legal act.
‘Eurosystem Strategic Stock’ (ESS)
Banknotes held in custody by ECI banks do not form part of the NCB's national net issuance of banknotes. ‘Fit banknotes’
in relation to euro coin issuance means all entities and members of the general public other than the coin-issuing entities in (future) participating Member States. ‘Starter kit’ means a package containing a number of euro circulation coins of different denominations, as specified by the competent national authorities, for the purpose of sub-frontloading euro circulation coins to the general public in a future participating Member State. ‘Unfit banknotes’ means: (i) euro banknotes which have been returned to NCBs but which are not fit for circulation in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on banknote processing by NCBs; or (ii) euro banknotes which have been returned to credit institutions, including NHTO banks and ECI banks, but which are not fit for circulation in accordance with the minimum sorting standards laid down in the BRF. ‘Unprocessed banknotes’ means: (i) euro banknotes which have been returned to NCBs but which have not been checked for authenticity and fitness in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on banknote processing by NCBs; or (ii) euro banknotes which have been returned to credit institutions, including NHTO banks and ECI banks, but which have not been checked for authenticity and fitness in accordance with the BRF.
means a number of denominations of euro coins defined as a series in Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in a subsequent Community legal act (i.e. the first series of euro coins as launched on 1 January 2002 consists of the denominations EUR 0,01, EUR 0,02, EUR 0,05, EUR 0,10, EUR 0,20, EUR 0,50, EUR 1 and EUR 2), whereby euro coins that have revised technical specifications or a revised design (e.g. amendments to the European map on the common side) only constitute a new coin series if referred to as such in an amendment to Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in another Community legal act. ‘Coins in circulation’ means the aggregated national net issuance of euro circulation coins (data item 1.1). It should be noted that the concept of ‘coins in circulation’ is not applied at national level because it cannot be determined whether coins put into circulation in a participating Member State are circulating there and whether they have been returned from circulation to coin-issuing entities in other participating Member States. Euro collector coins are not included as these coins are only legal tender in the Member State of issuance. ‘Collector coins’
means any body entrusted by the national legal issuer of euro coins with the task of putting euro coins into circulation, or the legal issuer itself. Coin-issuing entities can include the NCB, mints, the treasury, appointed public agencies and appointed private agencies. Those coin-issuing entities with the exception of the NCB are also referred to as ‘coin-issuing third parties’. ‘Coin series’ means a number of denominations of euro coins defined as a series in Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in a subsequent Community legal act (i.e. the first series of euro coins as launched on 1 January 2002 consists of the denominations EUR 0,01, EUR 0,02, EUR 0,05, EUR 0,10, EUR 0,20, EUR 0,50, EUR 1 and EUR 2), whereby euro coins that have revised technical specifications or a revised design (e.g. amendments to the European map on the common side) only constitute a new coin series if referred to as such in an amendment to Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in another Community legal act. ‘Coins in circulation’ means the aggregated national net issuance of euro circulation coins (data item 1.1). It should be noted that the concept of ‘coins in circulation’ is not applied at national level because it cannot be determined whether coins put into circulation in a participating Member State are circulating there and whether they have been returned from circulation to coin-issuing entities in other participating Member States. Euro collector coins are not included as these coins are only legal tender in the Member State of issuance. ‘Collector coins’
The CIS 2 checks whether all category 1 and category 2 data items are present in the first data message sent by an NCB for a reporting period, taking into account the system parameters relating to NCB attributes and ECI-NCB relationships described in Section 2 of the table in Annex IV. If at least one category 1 data item is missing or incomplete, the CIS 2 rejects this first data message, and the NCB has to resend the data message.
This Glossary defines technical terms used in the Annexes to this Guideline. ‘Banknote series’
‘Fit banknotes’ means: (i) euro banknotes which have been returned to NCBs and which are fit for circulation in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on banknote processing by NCBs; or (ii) euro banknotes which have been returned to credit institutions, including NHTO banks and ECI banks, and which are fit for circulation in accordance with the minimum sorting standards laid down in the BRF.
‘Unfit banknotes’ means: (i) euro banknotes which have been returned to NCBs but which are not fit for circulation in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on banknote processing by NCBs; or (ii) euro banknotes which have been returned to credit institutions, including NHTO banks and ECI banks, but which are not fit for circulation in accordance with the minimum sorting standards laid down in the BRF.
Article 6 Maintenance of reference data and system parameters 1. The ECB shall enter the reference data and system parameters referred to in Annex IV into the CIS 2 and shall maintain them.
The access granted to any eligible third party user shall be limited to data relating to euro coins and shall be granted in the first quarter of 2009. The ECB shall reasonably consider written requests for access to the CIS 2 for additional individual users, subject to availability and capacity.
‘Banknote variant’ within a banknote series means a sub-series comprising of one or more euro banknote denominations with upgraded security features and/or a revised design.
Data items related to banknote movements 4.1 Printing works' delivery of new production to responsible NCB responsible NCB
Created banknotes which have been destroyed on a banknote sorting machine with an integrated shredder after authentication and fitness sorting, either by the NCB or on the NCB's behalf 1.3
Banknotes destroyed offline Created banknotes which have been destroyed after authentication and fitness sorting by means other than a banknote sorting machine with an integrated shredder, either by the NCB or on the NCB's behalf, e.g. mutilated banknotes or banknotes which have been rejected by banknote sorting machines for whatever reason.
Data items related to banknote movements These data items, as flow data, cover the entire reporting period 4.1
Printing works' delivery of new production to responsible NCB New banknotes which have been produced pursuant to a separate ECB legal act on banknote production and which have been delivered from a printing works to the NCB (as the NCB responsible for production), or via the NCB (as the NCB responsible for production) to another NCB
‘to NCB’ = receiving NCB, ‘from stock type’= production, ‘to stock type’ = ESS,
with ‘from NCB’ = supplying NCB Data items 4.2 (‘transfer of banknotes’) and 4.3 (‘receipt of banknotes’) are completed with information on: (i) the target stock type (ESS/LS); (ii) the quality breakdown (new/fit); and (iii) the planning breakdown (scheduled/ad hoc).
PART 1 Reporting scheme on euro coins Data items
Number and name of data item Total number of coins
Total face value of coins Series breakdown
‘To Member State’ breakdown Data source
National net issuance of circulation coins Coin-issuing entities [2]
Data items related to coin stocks 2.1
Coin stocks Coin-issuing entities [2]
receiving Member State Coin-issuing entities [2]
Data items related to coin movements These data items, as flow data, cover the entire reporting period 4.1
Transfer of circulation coins Circulation coins delivered at face value by the NCB and coin-issuing third parties of the (future) participating Member State to coin-issuing entities of other (future) participating Member States
Total secure banknote storage capacity of the NCB, in millions of banknotes and calculated on the basis of the EUR 20 denomination 1.3
Sorting capacity Total banknote sorting capacity (i.e. total maximum theoretical throughput) of the NCB's banknote sorting machines which are in operation, in thousands of banknotes per hour and calculated on the basis of the EUR 20 denomination
Series/variant breakdown and denomination breakdown ECI bank breakdown
category 1 any combinations with pre-legal tender and post-legal tender statuses event-driven 2.1 — 2.6
Stocks held by the Eurosystem all combinations with legal tender status — category 1
any combinations with pre-legal tender and post-legal tender statuses event-driven
category 2 4.1 Printing works' delivery of new production to responsible NCB any combinations with legal tender and pre-legal tender statuses — event-driven
National net issuance of collector coins (value) —
any combinations with pre-legal tender or post-legal tender statuses event-driven 3.1
Coins issued to the public all combinations with legal tender status
category 2 4.1 Transfer of circulation coins any combinations with legal tender or post-legal tender statuses — event-driven
‘Banknotes in circulation’ means all euro banknotes issued by the Eurosystem and put into circulation by the NCBs at a certain point in time, which for the purposes of this Guideline also includes the banknotes put into circulation by NHTO banks and ECI banks. It is equal to the aggregated national net issuance of euro banknotes. It should be noted that the concept of ‘banknotes in circulation’ is not applied at national level because it cannot be determined whether banknotes put into circulation in one participating Member State are circulating in that Member State or whether they have been returned from circulation to other NCBs, NHTO banks or ECI banks. ‘Banknote variant’ within a banknote series means a sub-series comprising of one or more euro banknote denominations with upgraded security features and/or a revised design. ‘Cash centre’ means a centralised secure facility where euro banknotes and/or euro circulation coins are handled after transportation from different sites. ‘Circulation coins’
means euro coins defined as having legal tender status throughout the euro area in accordance with Council Regulation (EC) No 975/98 of 3 May 1998 on denominations and technical specifications of euro coins intended for circulation [2] (i.e. for the first series of euro coins as launched on 1 January 2002 EUR 0,01, EUR 0,02, EUR 0,05, EUR 0,10, EUR 0,20, EUR 0,50, EUR 1 and EUR 2). Euro circulation coins include coins with a special finish or quality and/or packaging and commemorative euro circulation coins. The latter usually commemorate an event or a personality and are issued at face value for a limited period and in limited quantities. ‘Coin-issuing entities’ means any body entrusted by the national legal issuer of euro coins with the task of putting euro coins into circulation, or the legal issuer itself. Coin-issuing entities can include the NCB, mints, the treasury, appointed public agencies and appointed private agencies. Those coin-issuing entities with the exception of the NCB are also referred to as ‘coin-issuing third parties’. ‘Coin series’
means the face value of a euro banknote or coin, as laid down for banknotes in Decision ECB/2003/4 or in a subsequent ECB legal act, and for coins in Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in a subsequent Community legal act.
For circulation coins, national gross issuance = national net issuance of circulation coins (data item 1.1) + credited stocks of circulation coins held by coin-issuing entities (data item 5.1) + transfers of circulation coins since their introduction (cumulative data item 4.1) — receipts of circulation coins since their introduction (cumulative data item 4.2). For collector coins, national gross issuance = national net issuance of collector coins (value) (data item 1.3) + value of credited collector coins held by coin-issuing entities (data item 5.3). ‘National net issuance of banknotes’ means the volume of euro banknotes issued and put into circulation by an individual NCB at a specific point in time (e.g. close of a reporting period), including all euro banknotes put into circulation by all national NHTO banks and all ECI banks managed by that NCB. Banknote transfers to other NCBs or future Eurosystem NCBs are excluded.
National net issuance of banknotes can be calculated by using either: (i) the stock method, which uses only stock data relating to a specific point in time; or (ii) the flow method, which aggregates flow data from the date of the banknotes' introduction until a specific point in time (i.e. close of the reporting period). Stock method: national net issuance = created banknotes (data item 1.1) — created banknote stocks (data items 2.1 to 2.15) — created banknotes destroyed (data items 1.2 and 1.3).
means euro coins defined as having legal tender status throughout the euro area in accordance with Council Regulation (EC) No 975/98 of 3 May 1998 on denominations and technical specifications of euro coins intended for circulation [2] (i.e. for the first series of euro coins as launched on 1 January 2002 EUR 0,01, EUR 0,02, EUR 0,05, EUR 0,10, EUR 0,20, EUR 0,50, EUR 1 and EUR 2). Euro circulation coins include coins with a special finish or quality and/or packaging and commemorative euro circulation coins. The latter usually commemorate an event or a personality and are issued at face value for a limited period and in limited quantities. ‘Coin-issuing entities’ means any body entrusted by the national legal issuer of euro coins with the task of putting euro coins into circulation, or the legal issuer itself. Coin-issuing entities can include the NCB, mints, the treasury, appointed public agencies and appointed private agencies. Those coin-issuing entities with the exception of the NCB are also referred to as ‘coin-issuing third parties’. ‘Coin series’ means a number of denominations of euro coins defined as a series in Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in a subsequent Community legal act (i.e. the first series of euro coins as launched on 1 January 2002 consists of the denominations EUR 0,01, EUR 0,02, EUR 0,05, EUR 0,10, EUR 0,20, EUR 0,50, EUR 1 and EUR 2), whereby euro coins that have revised technical specifications or a revised design (e.g. amendments to the European map on the common side) only constitute a new coin series if referred to as such in an amendment to Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in another Community legal act. ‘Coins in circulation’ means the aggregated national net issuance of euro circulation coins (data item 1.1).
It should be noted that the concept of ‘coins in circulation’ is not applied at national level because it cannot be determined whether coins put into circulation in a participating Member State are circulating there and whether they have been returned from circulation to coin-issuing entities in other participating Member States. Euro collector coins are not included as these coins are only legal tender in the Member State of issuance. ‘Collector coins’ means euro coins that are only legal tender in the participating Member State of issuance and are not intended for circulation. Their face value, images, size and weight are different from those of euro circulation coins so as to be easily distinguished from euro circulation coins. Collector coins also include bullion coins [3]. ‘Created coins’
means euro circulation coins which have been: (i) produced by mints with the respective national side; (ii) delivered to coin-issuing entities in a participating Member State; and (iii) registered in the cash management systems of such coin-issuing entities. This applies mutatis mutandis for euro collector coins. ‘Denomination’ means the face value of a euro banknote or coin, as laid down for banknotes in Decision ECB/2003/4 or in a subsequent ECB legal act, and for coins in Regulation (EC) No 975/98 or in a subsequent Community legal act. ‘Eurosystem Strategic Stock’ (ESS) means the stock of new and fit euro banknotes stored by certain NCBs to cope with a demand for euro banknotes which cannot be met from logistical stocks [4]. ‘Extended custodial inventory programme’ or ‘ECI programme’
means: (i) euro banknotes which have been returned to NCBs and which are fit for circulation in accordance with a separate ECB legal act on banknote processing by NCBs; or (ii) euro banknotes which have been returned to credit institutions, including NHTO banks and ECI banks, and which are fit for circulation in accordance with the minimum sorting standards laid down in the BRF. ‘Logistical stocks’ (LS)
means euro banknotes which have not yet been put into circulation by NCBs, NHTO banks or ECI banks, or frontloaded by future Eurosystem NCBs. ‘Notes-held-to-order scheme’ or ‘NHTO scheme’
Article 2 Collection of data relating to euro banknotes 1. NCBs shall report to the ECB the CIS 2 data relating to euro banknotes, i.e. the data items specified in Sections 1 to 4 of the table in Part 1 of Annex I on a monthly basis, while observing the booking rules specified in Part 3 of Annex I.
Access to the CIS 2 1. On receipt of a written request and subject to the conclusion of the separate contractual arrangements described in paragraph 2, the ECB shall grant access to the CIS 2: (i) for up to four individual users for each NCB, each future Eurosystem NCB and for the European Commission in its capacity as eligible third party; and (ii) for one individual user for each other eligible third party.
‘Allocated to production year’ breakdown [5] Planning breakdown [6]
Eurosystem Strategic Stock of new banknotes NCB
Logistical stocks of fit banknotes held by NCB [7]
Stocks of unprocessed banknotes held by NCB Banknotes which the NCB holds, and which have not yet been authenticated and fitness sorted by an NCB on banknote sorting machines or manually. Banknotes which have been authenticated and fitness sorted by NHTO banks, ECI banks or any other credit institutions or professional cash handlers and subsequently returned to the NCB form part of this data item until the NCB has processed such banknotes
Logistical stocks of new banknotes held by NHTO banks New banknotes transferred from the NCB which NHTO banks hold 2.8
Logistical stocks of fit banknotes held by NHTO banks Fit banknotes either transferred from the NCB or returned from circulation and deemed as fit by NHTO banks in accordance with the BRF, which NHTO banks hold
Coin-issuing entities [2] 3. Data items related to operational activities 3.1 Coins issued to the public
Transfer of circulation coins +
Number of remote branches of credit institutions All credit institution branches which qualify as ‘remote branches’ under the BRF [1]
Number of customer-operated cash recycling machines (CRM) run by credit institutions All customer-operated CRMs in the participating Member State run by credit institutions [1] 2.8
Number of customer-operated cash-in machines run by credit institutions All customer-operated cash-in machines in the participating Member State run by credit institutions [1]
If at least one category 1 data item is missing or incomplete, the CIS 2 rejects this first data message, and the NCB has to resend the data message. If the category 1 data items are complete but at least one category 2 data item is missing or incomplete in an NCB's first data message, the CIS 2 accepts the first data message and stores it in the central database, but a warning is shown in the web-based online application for each affected data item.
any combinations with legal tender status all ECI banks managed by the NCB
event-driven any combinations with post-legal tender status
category 1 any combinations with post-legal tender status event-driven
all combinations with legal tender status all ECI banks managed by the NCB
category 1 any combinations with post-legal tender status
Printing works' delivery of new production to responsible NCB any combinations with legal tender and pre-legal tender statuses —
event-driven 4.2
all coin-issuing third parties from which the NCB collects coin stock data category 1
all combinations with legal tender status all coin-issuing third parties from which the NCB collects coin flow data
all coin-issuing third parties from which the NCB collects coin flow data category 1
any combinations with post-legal tender status event-driven
any combinations with legal tender or post-legal tender statuses —
Receipt of circulation coins any combinations with legal tender or post-legal tender statuses
category 2 5.3 Value of credited collector coins held by coin-issuing entities — — category 2
category 2 1.3 Sorting capacity —
Number of branches of credit institutions —
Number of cash centres not owned by NCB —
Number of automated teller machines (ATM) run by credit institutions —
Number of banknotes sorted as unfit on back-office banknote sorting machines run by credit institutions all denominations for which there is at least one series/variant/denomination combination with legal tender status for at least one month within the reporting period event-driven
Number of banknotes sorted as unfit on back-office banknote sorting machines run by other professional cash handlers all denominations for which there is at least one series/variant/denomination combination with legal tender status for at least one month within the reporting period
If a ‘must-check’ is failed, the underlying data are treated as incorrect and the CIS 2 rejects the entire data message sent by that NCB. The threshold is 1 % for correctness checks with an ‘equal to’ operator [1], and zero for the remaining correctness checks.
A ‘should-check’ is a correctness check for which a threshold of 3 % for the tolerance level is applied. If this threshold is exceeded, this has no impact on the acceptance of the data message in the CIS 2, but a warning is shown in the web-based online application for this correctness check.
This warning is visible to all NCB and future Eurosystem NCB users, and in the case of coins, it is visible to all eligible third party users. Correctness checks are conducted for banknotes and coins with legal tender status and separately for each combination of series and denomination.
Example:‘left side’ = 190; ‘right side’ = 200; threshold = 1 %; allowed maximum difference: 200 × 1 % = 2; The correctness check verifies whether: Absolute value (190 — 200) ≤ 2In this example: Absolute value (190 — 200) = 10. As a result, the correctness check fails. -------------------------------------------------- GLOSSARY This Glossary defines technical terms used in the Annexes to this Guideline. ‘Banknote series’ means a number of denominations of euro banknotes defined as a series in Decision ECB/2003/4 of 20 March 2003 on the denominations, specifications, reproduction, exchange and withdrawal of euro banknotes [1] or in a subsequent ECB legal act (i.e. the first series of euro banknotes as launched on 1 January 2002 consists of the denominations EUR 5, EUR 10, EUR 20, EUR 50, EUR 100, EUR 200 and EUR 500), whereby euro banknotes that have revised technical specifications or a revised design (e.g. a different signature for different Presidents of the ECB) only constitute a new banknote series if referred to as such in an amendment to Decision ECB/2003/4 or in another ECB legal act.
means euro coins defined as having legal tender status throughout the euro area in accordance with Council Regulation (EC) No 975/98 of 3 May 1998 on denominations and technical specifications of euro coins intended for circulation [2] (i.e. for the first series of euro coins as launched on 1 January 2002 EUR 0,01, EUR 0,02, EUR 0,05, EUR 0,10, EUR 0,20, EUR 0,50, EUR 1 and EUR 2). Euro circulation coins include coins with a special finish or quality and/or packaging and commemorative euro circulation coins.
Those coin-issuing entities with the exception of the NCB are also referred to as ‘coin-issuing third parties’. ‘Coin series’
The banknotes held in custody by the ECI banks, including those in transit between the NCB and the ECI banks, are fully collateralised until they are put into circulation by the ECI banks or returned to the NCB. Banknotes transferred from the NCB to ECI banks form part of the NCB's created banknotes (data item 1.1). Banknotes held in custody by ECI banks do not form part of the NCB's national net issuance of banknotes. ‘Fit banknotes’
‘CIS 2 transmission mechanism’ means the ESCB XML Data Integration (EXDI) application. The EXDI application is used to transmit data messages between NCBs, future Eurosystem NCBs and the ECB in confidence, independently of the technical infrastructure (e.g. computer networks and software applications) supporting it;
‘Cash centre’ means a centralised secure facility where euro banknotes and/or euro circulation coins are handled after transportation from different sites.
Commission Regulation (EU) 2015/1284
of 23 July 2015
establishing a prohibition of fishing for saithe in area VI;
Union and international waters of Vb, XII and XIV by vessels flying the flag of Spain
THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION,
Having regard to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union,
Having regard to Council Regulation (EC) No 1224/2009 of 20 November 2009 establishing a Community control system for ensuring compliance with the rules of the common fisheries policy [1], and in particular Article 36(2) thereof,
Whereas:
Council Regulation (EU) 2015/104 [2] lays down quotas for 2015.
According to the information received by the Commission, catches of the stock referred to in the Annex to this Regulation by vessels flying the flag of or registered in the Member State referred to therein have exhausted the quota allocated for 2015.
It is therefore necessary to prohibit fishing activities for that stock,
HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION:
Article 1
Quota exhaustion
The fishing quota allocated to the Member State referred to in the Annex to this Regulation for the stock referred to therein for 2015 shall be deemed to be exhausted from the date set out in that Annex.
Article 2
Prohibitions
Fishing activities for the stock referred to in the Annex to this Regulation by vessels flying the flag of or registered in the Member State referred to therein shall be prohibited from the date set out in that Annex.
In particular it shall be prohibited to retain on board, relocate, tranship or land fish from that stock caught by those vessels after that date.
Article 3
Entry into force
This Regulation shall enter into force on the day following that of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union.
This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States.
Done at Brussels, 23 July 2015.
For the Commission,
On behalf of the President,
Director-General for Maritime Affairs and Fisheries
OJ L 343, 22.12.2009, p. 1.
Council Regulation (EU) 2015/104 of 19 January 2015 fixing for 2015 the fishing opportunities for certain fish stocks and groups of fish stocks, applicable in Union waters and, for Union vessels, in certain non-Union waters, amending Regulation (EU) No 43/2014 and repealing Regulation (EU) No 779/2014 (OJ L 22, 28.1.2015, p. 1).
ANNEX
Member State
Spain
Stock
Species
Saithe (Pollachius virens)
Zone
Union and international waters of Vb, XII and XIV
Closing date
establishing a prohibition of fishing for saithe in area VI; Union and international waters of Vb, XII and XIV by vessels flying the flag of Spain
VI; Union and international waters of Vb, XII and XIV
Saithe (Pollachius virens) Zone
Lowri Evans
POK/56-14
of 23 July 2015 establishing a prohibition of fishing for saithe in area VI;
